# Go API client for rest

OpenAPI specification for Okx exchange - Rest API

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.

Please do not edit the generated code manually, but rather regenerate it from [OpenXAPI](https://github.com/openxapi/openxapi).

- API version: 0.1.0
- Package version: 0.1.0
- Generator version: 7.12.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import (
    rest "github.com/openxapi/okx-go/rest"
)
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Usage

Example

```go
    package main

    import (
        "context"
        "fmt"

        okx "github.com/openxapi/okx-go/rest"
    )

    func main() {
        conf := okx.NewConfiguration()
        client := okx.NewAPIClient(conf)
        ctx := context.Background()

        data, resp, err := client.PublicDataAPI.GetMarketExchangeRateV5(ctx).Execute()
        if err != nil {
            fmt.Printf("failed to call API: %v\n, error type: %T\n", err, err)
            e, ok := err.(*okx.GenericOpenAPIError)
            if ok {
                fmt.Printf("API error code: %v, msg: %v\n", e.Model().Code, e.Model().Msg)
            }
        }
        fmt.Printf("%+v\n", data)
        fmt.Printf("%+v\n", resp)
    }
```

## Authentication

The API client supports HMAC authentication.

The authentication is calculated per request, so you can use different keys for different requests.

### HMAC

Example

```go
    import (
	"context"
	"fmt"
	"os"

	okx "github.com/openxapi/okx-go/rest"
    )

    func main() {
        conf := okx.NewConfiguration()
        client := okx.NewAPIClient(conf)
        ctx := context.Background()

        // get API key from env
        apiKey := os.Getenv("OKX_API_KEY")
        passPhrase := os.Getenv("OKX_PASS_PHRASE")
        auth := okx.NewAuth(apiKey, passPhrase)
        auth.SetSecretKey(os.Getenv("OKX_SECRET_KEY"))
        ctx, err := auth.ContextWithValue(ctx)
        if err != nil {
            fmt.Println(err)
        }

        data, resp, err := client.BlockTradingAPI.GetRfqCounterpartiesV5(ctx).Execute()
        if err != nil {
            fmt.Printf("failed to call API: %v\n, error type: %T\n", err, err)
            e, ok := err.(*okx.GenericOpenAPIError)
            if ok {
                fmt.Printf("API error code: %v, msg: %v\n", e.Model().Code, e.Model().Msg)
            }
        }
        fmt.Printf("%+v\n", data)
        fmt.Printf("%+v\n", resp)
    }
```

## Configuration

### Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `rest.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), rest.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `rest.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `rest.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), rest.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
    "{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), rest.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
    "{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
        "port": "8443",
    },
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://www.okx.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AffiliateAPI* | [**GetAffiliateInviteeDetailV5**](docs/AffiliateAPI.md#getaffiliateinviteedetailv5) | **Get** /api/v5/affiliate/invitee/detail | 
*AffiliateAPI* | [**GetUsersPartnerIfRebateV5**](docs/AffiliateAPI.md#getuserspartnerifrebatev5) | **Get** /api/v5/users/partner/if-rebate | This endpoint will be offline soon, please use      It is used to get the user&#39;s affiliate rebate information for affiliate.  
*AlgoTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradeAmendAlgosV5**](docs/AlgoTradingAPI.md#createtradeamendalgosv5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/amend-algos | Amend unfilled algo orders (Support Stop order and Trigger order only, not including Move_order_stop order, Iceberg order, TWAP order, Trailing Stop order).    
*AlgoTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradeCancelAdvanceAlgosV5**](docs/AlgoTradingAPI.md#createtradecanceladvancealgosv5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/cancel-advance-algos | This endpoint will be offline soon, please use      Cancel unfilled algo orders (including Iceberg order, TWAP order, Trailing Stop order). A maximum of 10 orders can be canceled per request. Request parameters should be passed in the form of an array.  
*AlgoTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradeCancelAlgosV5**](docs/AlgoTradingAPI.md#createtradecancelalgosv5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/cancel-algos | Cancel unfilled algo orders. A maximum of 10 orders can be canceled per request. Request parameters should be passed in the form of an array.  
*AlgoTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradeOrderAlgoV5**](docs/AlgoTradingAPI.md#createtradeorderalgov5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/order-algo | The algo order includes &#x60;trigger&#x60; order, &#x60;oco&#x60; order, &#x60;chase&#x60; order, &#x60;conditional&#x60; order, &#x60;twap&#x60; order and trailing order.  
*AlgoTradingAPI* | [**GetTradeOrderAlgoV5**](docs/AlgoTradingAPI.md#gettradeorderalgov5) | **Get** /api/v5/trade/order-algo | 
*AlgoTradingAPI* | [**GetTradeOrdersAlgoHistoryV5**](docs/AlgoTradingAPI.md#gettradeordersalgohistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/trade/orders-algo-history | Retrieve a list of all algo orders under the current account in the last 3 months.  
*AlgoTradingAPI* | [**GetTradeOrdersAlgoPendingV5**](docs/AlgoTradingAPI.md#gettradeordersalgopendingv5) | **Get** /api/v5/trade/orders-algo-pending | Retrieve a list of untriggered Algo orders under the current account.  
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**CreateRfqCancelAllAfterV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#createrfqcancelallafterv5) | **Post** /api/v5/rfq/cancel-all-after | Cancel all quotes after the countdown timeout.  
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**CreateRfqCancelAllQuotesV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#createrfqcancelallquotesv5) | **Post** /api/v5/rfq/cancel-all-quotes | Cancels all active Quotes.  
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**CreateRfqCancelAllRfqsV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#createrfqcancelallrfqsv5) | **Post** /api/v5/rfq/cancel-all-rfqs | Cancels all active RFQs.  
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**CreateRfqCancelBatchQuotesV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#createrfqcancelbatchquotesv5) | **Post** /api/v5/rfq/cancel-batch-quotes | Cancel one or multiple active Quote(s) in a single batch. Maximum 100 quote orders can be canceled per request.  
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**CreateRfqCancelBatchRfqsV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#createrfqcancelbatchrfqsv5) | **Post** /api/v5/rfq/cancel-batch-rfqs | Cancel one or multiple active RFQ(s) in a single batch. Maximum 100 RFQ orders can be canceled per request.  
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**CreateRfqCancelQuoteV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#createrfqcancelquotev5) | **Post** /api/v5/rfq/cancel-quote | Cancels an existing active Quote you have created in response to an RFQ.  
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**CreateRfqCancelRfqV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#createrfqcancelrfqv5) | **Post** /api/v5/rfq/cancel-rfq | Cancel an existing active RFQ that you have created previously.  
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**CreateRfqCreateQuoteV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#createrfqcreatequotev5) | **Post** /api/v5/rfq/create-quote | Allows the user to Quote an RFQ that they are a counterparty to. The user MUST quote the entire RFQ and not part of the legs or part of the quantity. Partial quoting is not allowed.   
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**CreateRfqCreateRfqV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#createrfqcreaterfqv5) | **Post** /api/v5/rfq/create-rfq | Creates a new RFQ  To learn more, please visit   
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**CreateRfqExecuteQuoteV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#createrfqexecutequotev5) | **Post** /api/v5/rfq/execute-quote | Executes a Quote. It is only used by the creator of the RFQ  
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**CreateRfqMakerInstrumentSettingsV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#createrfqmakerinstrumentsettingsv5) | **Post** /api/v5/rfq/maker-instrument-settings | Customize the products which makers want to quote and receive RFQs for, and the corresponding price and size limit.   
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**CreateRfqMmpConfigV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#createrfqmmpconfigv5) | **Post** /api/v5/rfq/mmp-config | This endpoint is used to set MMP configure and only applicable to block trading makers    
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**CreateRfqMmpResetV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#createrfqmmpresetv5) | **Post** /api/v5/rfq/mmp-reset | Reset the MMP status to be inactive.  
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**GetMarketBlockTickerV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#getmarketblocktickerv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/block-ticker | Retrieve the latest block trading volume in the last 24 hours.  
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**GetMarketBlockTickersV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#getmarketblocktickersv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/block-tickers | Retrieve the latest block trading volume in the last 24 hours.  
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**GetPublicBlockTradesV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#getpublicblocktradesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/block-trades | Retrieve the recent block trading transactions of an instrument. Descending order by tradeId. The data will be updated 15 minutes after the block trade execution.  
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**GetRfqCounterpartiesV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#getrfqcounterpartiesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/rfq/counterparties | Retrieves the list of counterparties that the user is permitted to trade with.   
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**GetRfqMakerInstrumentSettingsV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#getrfqmakerinstrumentsettingsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/rfq/maker-instrument-settings | Retrieve the products which makers want to quote and receive RFQs for, and the corresponding price and size limit.   
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**GetRfqMmpConfigV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#getrfqmmpconfigv5) | **Get** /api/v5/rfq/mmp-config | This endpoint is used to get MMP configure information and only applicable to block trading market makers    
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**GetRfqPublicTradesV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#getrfqpublictradesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/rfq/public-trades | Retrieves the executed block trades. The data will be updated 15 minutes after the block trade execution.  
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**GetRfqQuotesV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#getrfqquotesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/rfq/quotes | Retrieve all Quotes that the user is a counterparty to (either as the creator or the receiver).  
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**GetRfqRfqsV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#getrfqrfqsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/rfq/rfqs | Retrieves details of RFQs that the user is a counterparty to (either as the creator or the receiver of the RFQ).   
*BlockTradingAPI* | [**GetRfqTradesV5**](docs/BlockTradingAPI.md#getrfqtradesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/rfq/trades | Retrieves the executed trades that the user is a counterparty to (either as the creator or the receiver).  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**CreateCopytradingAlgoOrderV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#createcopytradingalgoorderv5) | **Post** /api/v5/copytrading/algo-order | Set TP/SL for the current lead position that are not closed.  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**CreateCopytradingAmendCopySettingsV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#createcopytradingamendcopysettingsv5) | **Post** /api/v5/copytrading/amend-copy-settings | You need to use this endpoint to amend copy settings  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**CreateCopytradingAmendProfitSharingRatioV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#createcopytradingamendprofitsharingratiov5) | **Post** /api/v5/copytrading/amend-profit-sharing-ratio | It is used to amend profit sharing ratio.   
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**CreateCopytradingCloseSubpositionV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#createcopytradingclosesubpositionv5) | **Post** /api/v5/copytrading/close-subposition | You can only close a lead position once a time.    It is required to pass subPosId which can get from .  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**CreateCopytradingFirstCopySettingsV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#createcopytradingfirstcopysettingsv5) | **Post** /api/v5/copytrading/first-copy-settings | The first copy settings for the certain lead trader. You need to first copy settings after stopping copying.  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**CreateCopytradingSetInstrumentsV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#createcopytradingsetinstrumentsv5) | **Post** /api/v5/copytrading/set-instruments | The leading trader can amend current leading instruments, need to set initial leading instruments while applying to become a leading trader.   All non-leading instruments can&#39;t have position or pending orders for the current request when setting non-leading instruments as leading instruments.  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**CreateCopytradingStopCopyTradingV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#createcopytradingstopcopytradingv5) | **Post** /api/v5/copytrading/stop-copy-trading | You need to use this endpoint to stop copy trading  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingConfigV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingconfigv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/config | Retrieve current account configuration related to copy/lead trading.  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingCopySettingsV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingcopysettingsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/copy-settings | Retrieve the copy settings about certain lead trader.  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingCurrentLeadTradersV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingcurrentleadtradersv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/current-lead-traders | Retrieve my lead traders.  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingCurrentSubpositionsV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingcurrentsubpositionsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/current-subpositions | Retrieve lead positions that are not closed.    Returns reverse chronological order with &#x60;openTime&#x60;  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingInstrumentsV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradinginstrumentsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/instruments | Retrieve instruments that are supported to lead by the platform.  Retrieve instruments that the lead trader has set.  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingProfitSharingDetailsV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingprofitsharingdetailsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/profit-sharing-details | The leading trader gets profits shared details for the last 3 months.  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingPublicConfigV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingpublicconfigv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/public-config | Public endpoint. Retrieve copy trading parameter configuration information of copy settings  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingPublicCopyTradersV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingpubliccopytradersv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/public-copy-traders | Public endpoint. Retrieve copy trader coming from certain lead trader. Return according to &#x60;pnl&#x60; from high to low  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingPublicCurrentSubpositionsV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingpubliccurrentsubpositionsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/public-current-subpositions | Public endpoint. Get current leading positions of lead trader  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingPublicLeadTradersV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingpublicleadtradersv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/public-lead-traders | Public endpoint. Retrieve lead trader ranks.  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingPublicPnlV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingpublicpnlv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/public-pnl | Public endpoint. Retrieve lead trader daily pnl. Results are returned in counter chronological order.  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingPublicPreferenceCurrencyV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingpublicpreferencecurrencyv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/public-preference-currency | Public endpoint. The most frequently traded crypto of this lead trader. Results are sorted by ratio from large to small.  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingPublicStatsV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingpublicstatsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/public-stats | Public endpoint. Key data related to lead trader performance.  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingPublicSubpositionsHistoryV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingpublicsubpositionshistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/public-subpositions-history | Public endpoint. Retrieve the lead trader completed leading position of the last 3 months.   Returns reverse chronological order with &#x60;subPosId&#x60;.   
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingPublicWeeklyPnlV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingpublicweeklypnlv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/public-weekly-pnl | Public endpoint. Retrieve lead trader weekly pnl. Results are returned in counter chronological order.  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingSubpositionsHistoryV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingsubpositionshistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/subpositions-history | Retrieve the completed lead position of the last 3 months.   Returns reverse chronological order with &#x60;subPosId&#x60;.   
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingTotalProfitSharingV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingtotalprofitsharingv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/total-profit-sharing | The leading trader gets the total amount of profit shared since joining the platform.  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingTotalUnrealizedProfitSharingV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingtotalunrealizedprofitsharingv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/total-unrealized-profit-sharing | The leading trader gets the total unrealized amount of profit shared.  
*CopyTradingAPI* | [**GetCopytradingUnrealizedProfitSharingDetailsV5**](docs/CopyTradingAPI.md#getcopytradingunrealizedprofitsharingdetailsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/copytrading/unrealized-profit-sharing-details | The leading trader gets the profit sharing details that are expected to be shared in the next settlement cycle.   The unrealized profit sharing details will update once there copy position is closed.  
*EthStakingAPI* | [**CreateFinanceStakingDefiEthPurchaseV5**](docs/EthStakingAPI.md#createfinancestakingdefiethpurchasev5) | **Post** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/eth/purchase | Staking ETH for BETH   Only the assets in the funding account can be used.    
*EthStakingAPI* | [**CreateFinanceStakingDefiEthRedeemV5**](docs/EthStakingAPI.md#createfinancestakingdefiethredeemv5) | **Post** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/eth/redeem | Only the assets in the funding account can be used. If your BETH is in your trading account, you can make funding transfer first.    
*EthStakingAPI* | [**GetFinanceStakingDefiEthApyHistoryV5**](docs/EthStakingAPI.md#getfinancestakingdefiethapyhistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/eth/apy-history | Public endpoints don&#39;t need authorization.  
*EthStakingAPI* | [**GetFinanceStakingDefiEthBalanceV5**](docs/EthStakingAPI.md#getfinancestakingdefiethbalancev5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/eth/balance | The balance is a snapshot summarized all BETH assets (including assets in redeeming) in account.  
*EthStakingAPI* | [**GetFinanceStakingDefiEthProductInfoV5**](docs/EthStakingAPI.md#getfinancestakingdefiethproductinfov5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/eth/product-info | 
*EthStakingAPI* | [**GetFinanceStakingDefiEthPurchaseRedeemHistoryV5**](docs/EthStakingAPI.md#getfinancestakingdefiethpurchaseredeemhistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/eth/purchase-redeem-history | 
*FlexibleLoanAPI* | [**CreateFinanceFlexibleLoanAdjustCollateralV5**](docs/FlexibleLoanAPI.md#createfinanceflexibleloanadjustcollateralv5) | **Post** /api/v5/finance/flexible-loan/adjust-collateral | 
*FlexibleLoanAPI* | [**CreateFinanceFlexibleLoanMaxLoanV5**](docs/FlexibleLoanAPI.md#createfinanceflexibleloanmaxloanv5) | **Post** /api/v5/finance/flexible-loan/max-loan | 
*FlexibleLoanAPI* | [**GetFinanceFlexibleLoanBorrowCurrenciesV5**](docs/FlexibleLoanAPI.md#getfinanceflexibleloanborrowcurrenciesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/flexible-loan/borrow-currencies | Get borrowable currencies  
*FlexibleLoanAPI* | [**GetFinanceFlexibleLoanCollateralAssetsV5**](docs/FlexibleLoanAPI.md#getfinanceflexibleloancollateralassetsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/flexible-loan/collateral-assets | Get collateral assets in funding account.  
*FlexibleLoanAPI* | [**GetFinanceFlexibleLoanInterestAccruedV5**](docs/FlexibleLoanAPI.md#getfinanceflexibleloaninterestaccruedv5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/flexible-loan/interest-accrued | 
*FlexibleLoanAPI* | [**GetFinanceFlexibleLoanLoanHistoryV5**](docs/FlexibleLoanAPI.md#getfinanceflexibleloanloanhistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/flexible-loan/loan-history | 
*FlexibleLoanAPI* | [**GetFinanceFlexibleLoanLoanInfoV5**](docs/FlexibleLoanAPI.md#getfinanceflexibleloanloaninfov5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/flexible-loan/loan-info | 
*FlexibleLoanAPI* | [**GetFinanceFlexibleLoanMaxCollateralRedeemAmountV5**](docs/FlexibleLoanAPI.md#getfinanceflexibleloanmaxcollateralredeemamountv5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/flexible-loan/max-collateral-redeem-amount | 
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAssetCancelWithdrawalV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#createassetcancelwithdrawalv5) | **Post** /api/v5/asset/cancel-withdrawal | You can cancel normal withdrawal requests, but you cannot cancel withdrawal requests on Lightning.  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAssetConvertEstimateQuoteV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#createassetconvertestimatequotev5) | **Post** /api/v5/asset/convert/estimate-quote | 
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAssetConvertTradeV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#createassetconverttradev5) | **Post** /api/v5/asset/convert/trade | You should make  before convert trade.   For the same side (buy/sell), there&#39;s a trading limit of 1 request per 5 seconds.  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAssetMonthlyStatementV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#createassetmonthlystatementv5) | **Post** /api/v5/asset/monthly-statement | Apply for monthly statement in the past year.  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAssetTransferV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#createassettransferv5) | **Post** /api/v5/asset/transfer | Only API keys with &#x60;Trade&#x60; privilege can call this endpoint.  This endpoint supports the transfer of funds between your funding account and trading account, and from the master account to sub-accounts.  Sub-account can transfer out to master account by default. Need to call  to grant privilege first if you want sub-account transferring to another sub-account (sub-accounts need to belong to same master account.)  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAssetWithdrawalV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#createassetwithdrawalv5) | **Post** /api/v5/asset/withdrawal | Only supported withdrawal of assets from funding account. Common sub-account does not support withdrawal.   
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**CreateFiatCancelWithdrawalV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#createfiatcancelwithdrawalv5) | **Post** /api/v5/fiat/cancel-withdrawal | Cancel a pending fiat withdrawal order, currently only applicable to TRY  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**CreateFiatCreateWithdrawalV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#createfiatcreatewithdrawalv5) | **Post** /api/v5/fiat/create-withdrawal | Initiate a fiat withdrawal request (Authenticated endpoint, Only for API keys with \&quot;Withdrawal\&quot; access)   Only supported withdrawal of assets from funding account.  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetAssetValuationV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getassetassetvaluationv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/asset-valuation | View account asset valuation  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetBalancesV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getassetbalancesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/balances | Retrieve the funding account balances of all the assets and the amount that is available or on hold.  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetBillsV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getassetbillsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/bills | Query the billing record in the past month.  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetConvertCurrenciesV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getassetconvertcurrenciesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/convert/currencies | 
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetConvertCurrencyPairV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getassetconvertcurrencypairv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/convert/currency-pair | 
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetConvertHistoryV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getassetconverthistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/convert/history | 
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetCurrenciesV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getassetcurrenciesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/currencies | Retrieve a list of all currencies available which are related to the current account&#39;s KYC entity.  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetDepositAddressV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getassetdepositaddressv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/deposit-address | Retrieve the deposit addresses of currencies, including previously-used addresses.  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetDepositHistoryV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getassetdeposithistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/deposit-history | Retrieve the deposit records according to the currency, deposit status, and time range in reverse chronological order. The 100 most recent records are returned by default.   Websocket API is also available, refer to .  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetDepositWithdrawStatusV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getassetdepositwithdrawstatusv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/deposit-withdraw-status | Retrieve deposit&#39;s and withdrawal&#39;s detailed status and estimated complete time.  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetExchangeListV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getassetexchangelistv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/exchange-list | Authentication is not required for this public endpoint.  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetMonthlyStatementV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getassetmonthlystatementv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/monthly-statement | Retrieve monthly statement in the past year.  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetNonTradableAssetsV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getassetnontradableassetsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/non-tradable-assets | 
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetTransferStateV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getassettransferstatev5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/transfer-state | Retrieve the transfer state data of the last 2 weeks.  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetWithdrawalHistoryV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getassetwithdrawalhistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/withdrawal-history | Retrieve the withdrawal records according to the currency, withdrawal status, and time range in reverse chronological order. The 100 most recent records are returned by default.   Websocket API is also available, refer to .  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetFiatDepositOrderHistoryV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getfiatdepositorderhistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/fiat/deposit-order-history | Get fiat deposit order history  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetFiatDepositPaymentMethodsV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getfiatdepositpaymentmethodsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/fiat/deposit-payment-methods | To display all the available fiat deposit payment methods  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetFiatDepositV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getfiatdepositv5) | **Get** /api/v5/fiat/deposit | Get fiat deposit order detail  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetFiatWithdrawalOrderHistoryV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getfiatwithdrawalorderhistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/fiat/withdrawal-order-history | Get fiat withdrawal order history  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetFiatWithdrawalPaymentMethodsV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getfiatwithdrawalpaymentmethodsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/fiat/withdrawal-payment-methods | To display all the available fiat withdrawal payment methods  
*FundingAccountAPI* | [**GetFiatWithdrawalV5**](docs/FundingAccountAPI.md#getfiatwithdrawalv5) | **Get** /api/v5/fiat/withdrawal | Get fiat withdraw order detail  
*GridTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotGridAdjustInvestmentV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotgridadjustinvestmentv5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/adjust-investment | It is used to add investment and only applicable to contract gird.  
*GridTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotGridAmendOrderAlgoV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotgridamendorderalgov5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/amend-order-algo | 
*GridTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotGridCancelCloseOrderV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotgridcancelcloseorderv5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/cancel-close-order | 
*GridTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotGridClosePositionV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotgridclosepositionv5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/close-position | Close position when the contract grid stop type is &#39;keep position&#39;.  
*GridTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotGridComputeMarginBalanceV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotgridcomputemarginbalancev5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/compute-margin-balance | 
*GridTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotGridMarginBalanceV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotgridmarginbalancev5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/margin-balance | 
*GridTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotGridMinInvestmentV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotgridmininvestmentv5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/min-investment | Authentication is not required for this public endpoint.  
*GridTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotGridOrderAlgoV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotgridorderalgov5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/order-algo | 
*GridTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotGridOrderInstantTriggerV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotgridorderinstanttriggerv5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/order-instant-trigger | 
*GridTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotGridStopOrderAlgoV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotgridstoporderalgov5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/stop-order-algo | A maximum of 10 orders can be stopped per request.  
*GridTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotGridWithdrawIncomeV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotgridwithdrawincomev5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/withdraw-income | 
*GridTradingAPI* | [**GetTradingBotGridAiParamV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#gettradingbotgridaiparamv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/ai-param | Authentication is not required for this public endpoint.  
*GridTradingAPI* | [**GetTradingBotGridGridQuantityV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#gettradingbotgridgridquantityv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/grid-quantity | Authentication is not required for this public endpoint.    Maximum grid quantity can be retrieved from this endpoint. Minimum grid quantity always is 2.  
*GridTradingAPI* | [**GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoDetailsV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#gettradingbotgridordersalgodetailsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/orders-algo-details | 
*GridTradingAPI* | [**GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoHistoryV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#gettradingbotgridordersalgohistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/orders-algo-history | 
*GridTradingAPI* | [**GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoPendingV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#gettradingbotgridordersalgopendingv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/orders-algo-pending | 
*GridTradingAPI* | [**GetTradingBotGridPositionsV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#gettradingbotgridpositionsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/positions | 
*GridTradingAPI* | [**GetTradingBotGridSubOrdersV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#gettradingbotgridsubordersv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/grid/sub-orders | 
*GridTradingAPI* | [**GetTradingBotPublicRsiBackTestingV5**](docs/GridTradingAPI.md#gettradingbotpublicrsibacktestingv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/public/rsi-back-testing | Authentication is not required for this public endpoint.  
*MarketDataAPI* | [**GetMarketBooksFullV5**](docs/MarketDataAPI.md#getmarketbooksfullv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/books-full | Retrieve order book of the instrument. The data will be updated once a second.  
*MarketDataAPI* | [**GetMarketBooksV5**](docs/MarketDataAPI.md#getmarketbooksv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/books | Retrieve order book of the instrument.  
*MarketDataAPI* | [**GetMarketCallAuctionDetailsV5**](docs/MarketDataAPI.md#getmarketcallauctiondetailsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/call-auction-details | Retrieve call auction details.  
*MarketDataAPI* | [**GetMarketCandlesV5**](docs/MarketDataAPI.md#getmarketcandlesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/candles | Retrieve the candlestick charts. This endpoint can retrieve the latest 1,440 data entries. Charts are returned in groups based on the requested bar.   
*MarketDataAPI* | [**GetMarketHistoryTradesV5**](docs/MarketDataAPI.md#getmarkethistorytradesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/history-trades | Retrieve the recent transactions of an instrument from the last 3 months with pagination.  
*MarketDataAPI* | [**GetMarketOptionInstrumentFamilyTradesV5**](docs/MarketDataAPI.md#getmarketoptioninstrumentfamilytradesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/option/instrument-family-trades | Retrieve the recent transactions of an instrument under same instFamily. The maximum is 100.  
*MarketDataAPI* | [**GetMarketPlatform24VolumeV5**](docs/MarketDataAPI.md#getmarketplatform24volumev5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/platform-24-volume | The 24-hour trading volume is calculated on a rolling basis.  
*MarketDataAPI* | [**GetMarketTickerV5**](docs/MarketDataAPI.md#getmarkettickerv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/ticker | Retrieve the latest price snapshot, best bid/ask price, and trading volume in the last 24 hours.  
*MarketDataAPI* | [**GetMarketTickersV5**](docs/MarketDataAPI.md#getmarkettickersv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/tickers | Retrieve the latest price snapshot, best bid/ask price, and trading volume in the last 24 hours.  
*MarketDataAPI* | [**GetMarketTradesV5**](docs/MarketDataAPI.md#getmarkettradesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/trades | Retrieve the recent transactions of an instrument.  
*MarketDataAPI* | [**GetPublicOptionTradesV5**](docs/MarketDataAPI.md#getpublicoptiontradesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/option-trades | The maximum is 100.  
*OnChainEarnAPI* | [**CreateFinanceStakingDefiCancelV5**](docs/OnChainEarnAPI.md#createfinancestakingdeficancelv5) | **Post** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/cancel | 
*OnChainEarnAPI* | [**CreateFinanceStakingDefiPurchaseV5**](docs/OnChainEarnAPI.md#createfinancestakingdefipurchasev5) | **Post** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/purchase | 
*OnChainEarnAPI* | [**CreateFinanceStakingDefiRedeemV5**](docs/OnChainEarnAPI.md#createfinancestakingdefiredeemv5) | **Post** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/redeem | 
*OnChainEarnAPI* | [**GetFinanceStakingDefiOffersV5**](docs/OnChainEarnAPI.md#getfinancestakingdefioffersv5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/offers | 
*OnChainEarnAPI* | [**GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersActiveV5**](docs/OnChainEarnAPI.md#getfinancestakingdefiordersactivev5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/orders-active | 
*OnChainEarnAPI* | [**GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersHistoryV5**](docs/OnChainEarnAPI.md#getfinancestakingdefiordershistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/orders-history | 
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetMarketExchangeRateV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getmarketexchangeratev5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/exchange-rate | This interface provides the average exchange rate data for 2 weeks  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetMarketHistoryIndexCandlesV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getmarkethistoryindexcandlesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/history-index-candles | Retrieve the candlestick charts of the index from recent years.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetMarketHistoryMarkPriceCandlesV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getmarkethistorymarkpricecandlesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/history-mark-price-candles | Retrieve the candlestick charts of mark price from recent years.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetMarketIndexCandlesV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getmarketindexcandlesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/index-candles | Retrieve the candlestick charts of the index. This endpoint can retrieve the latest 1,440 data entries. Charts are returned in groups based on the requested bar.   
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetMarketIndexComponentsV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getmarketindexcomponentsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/index-components | Get the index component information data on the market  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetMarketIndexTickersV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getmarketindextickersv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/index-tickers | Retrieve index tickers.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetMarketMarkPriceCandlesV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getmarketmarkpricecandlesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/mark-price-candles | Retrieve the candlestick charts of mark price. This endpoint can retrieve the latest 1,440 data entries. Charts are returned in groups based on the requested bar.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicConvertContractCoinV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicconvertcontractcoinv5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/convert-contract-coin | Convert the crypto value to the number of contracts, or vice versa  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicDeliveryExerciseHistoryV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicdeliveryexercisehistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/delivery-exercise-history | Retrieve delivery records of Futures and exercise records of Options in the last 3 months.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicDiscountRateInterestFreeQuotaV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicdiscountrateinterestfreequotav5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/discount-rate-interest-free-quota | Retrieve discount rate level and interest-free quota.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicEconomicCalendarV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpubliceconomiccalendarv5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/economic-calendar | Get the macro-economic calendar data within 3 months. Historical data from 3 months ago is only available to users with trading fee tier VIP1 and above.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicEstimatedPriceV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicestimatedpricev5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/estimated-price | Retrieve the estimated delivery price which will only have a return value one hour before the delivery/exercise.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicEstimatedSettlementInfoV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicestimatedsettlementinfov5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/estimated-settlement-info | Retrieve the estimated settlement price which will only have a return value one hour before the settlement.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicFundingRateHistoryV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicfundingratehistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/funding-rate-history | Retrieve funding rate history. This endpoint can retrieve data from the last 3 months.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicFundingRateV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicfundingratev5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/funding-rate | Retrieve funding rate.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicInstrumentTickBandsV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicinstrumenttickbandsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/instrument-tick-bands | Get option tick bands information  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicInstrumentsV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicinstrumentsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/instruments | Retrieve a list of instruments with open contracts for OKX. Retrieve available instruments info of current account, please refer to .  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicInsuranceFundV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicinsurancefundv5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/insurance-fund | Get insurance fund balance information  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicInterestRateLoanQuotaV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicinterestrateloanquotav5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/interest-rate-loan-quota | Retrieve interest rate  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicMarkPriceV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicmarkpricev5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/mark-price | Retrieve mark price.  We set the mark price based on the SPOT index and at a reasonable basis to prevent individual users from manipulating the market and causing the contract price to fluctuate.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicOpenInterestV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicopeninterestv5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/open-interest | Retrieve the total open interest for contracts on OKX.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicOptSummaryV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicoptsummaryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/opt-summary | Retrieve option market data.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicPositionTiersV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicpositiontiersv5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/position-tiers | Retrieve position tiers information, maximum leverage depends on your borrowings and margin ratio.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicPremiumHistoryV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicpremiumhistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/premium-history | It will return premium data in the past 6 months.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicPriceLimitV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicpricelimitv5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/price-limit | Retrieve the highest buy limit and lowest sell limit of the instrument.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicSettlementHistoryV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicsettlementhistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/settlement-history | Retrieve settlement records of futures in the last 3 months.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicTimeV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublictimev5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/time | Retrieve API server time.  
*PublicDataAPI* | [**GetPublicUnderlyingV5**](docs/PublicDataAPI.md#getpublicunderlyingv5) | **Get** /api/v5/public/underlying | 
*RecurringBuyAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotRecurringAmendOrderAlgoV5**](docs/RecurringBuyAPI.md#createtradingbotrecurringamendorderalgov5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/recurring/amend-order-algo | 
*RecurringBuyAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotRecurringOrderAlgoV5**](docs/RecurringBuyAPI.md#createtradingbotrecurringorderalgov5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/recurring/order-algo | 
*RecurringBuyAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotRecurringStopOrderAlgoV5**](docs/RecurringBuyAPI.md#createtradingbotrecurringstoporderalgov5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/recurring/stop-order-algo | A maximum of 10 orders can be stopped per request.  
*RecurringBuyAPI* | [**GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoDetailsV5**](docs/RecurringBuyAPI.md#gettradingbotrecurringordersalgodetailsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/recurring/orders-algo-details | 
*RecurringBuyAPI* | [**GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoHistoryV5**](docs/RecurringBuyAPI.md#gettradingbotrecurringordersalgohistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/recurring/orders-algo-history | 
*RecurringBuyAPI* | [**GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoPendingV5**](docs/RecurringBuyAPI.md#gettradingbotrecurringordersalgopendingv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/recurring/orders-algo-pending | 
*RecurringBuyAPI* | [**GetTradingBotRecurringSubOrdersV5**](docs/RecurringBuyAPI.md#gettradingbotrecurringsubordersv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/recurring/sub-orders | 
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotSignalAmendTPSLV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotsignalamendtpslv5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/amendTPSL | 
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotSignalCancelSubOrderV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotsignalcancelsuborderv5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/cancel-sub-order | Cancel an incomplete order.  
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotSignalClosePositionV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotsignalclosepositionv5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/close-position | Close the position of an instrument via a market order.  
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotSignalCreateSignalV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotsignalcreatesignalv5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/create-signal | 
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotSignalMarginBalanceV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotsignalmarginbalancev5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/margin-balance | 
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotSignalOrderAlgoV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotsignalorderalgov5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/order-algo | 
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotSignalSetInstrumentsV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotsignalsetinstrumentsv5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/set-instruments | 
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotSignalStopOrderAlgoV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotsignalstoporderalgov5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/stop-order-algo | A maximum of 10 orders can be stopped per request.  
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**CreateTradingBotSignalSubOrderV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#createtradingbotsignalsuborderv5) | **Post** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/sub-order | You can place an order only if you have sufficient funds.      
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**GetTradingBotSignalEventHistoryV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#gettradingbotsignaleventhistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/event-history | 
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoDetailsV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#gettradingbotsignalordersalgodetailsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/orders-algo-details | 
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoHistoryV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#gettradingbotsignalordersalgohistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/orders-algo-history | 
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoPendingV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#gettradingbotsignalordersalgopendingv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/orders-algo-pending | 
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**GetTradingBotSignalPositionsHistoryV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#gettradingbotsignalpositionshistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/positions-history | Retrieve the updated position data for the last 3 months. Return in reverse chronological order using utime.  
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**GetTradingBotSignalPositionsV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#gettradingbotsignalpositionsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/positions | 
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**GetTradingBotSignalSignalsV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#gettradingbotsignalsignalsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/signals | 
*SignalBotTradingAPI* | [**GetTradingBotSignalSubOrdersV5**](docs/SignalBotTradingAPI.md#gettradingbotsignalsubordersv5) | **Get** /api/v5/tradingBot/signal/sub-orders | 
*SimpleEarnFlexibleAPI* | [**CreateFinanceSavingsPurchaseRedemptV5**](docs/SimpleEarnFlexibleAPI.md#createfinancesavingspurchaseredemptv5) | **Post** /api/v5/finance/savings/purchase-redempt | Only the assets in the funding account can be used for saving.  
*SimpleEarnFlexibleAPI* | [**CreateFinanceSavingsSetLendingRateV5**](docs/SimpleEarnFlexibleAPI.md#createfinancesavingssetlendingratev5) | **Post** /api/v5/finance/savings/set-lending-rate | 
*SimpleEarnFlexibleAPI* | [**GetFinanceSavingsBalanceV5**](docs/SimpleEarnFlexibleAPI.md#getfinancesavingsbalancev5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/savings/balance | 
*SimpleEarnFlexibleAPI* | [**GetFinanceSavingsLendingHistoryV5**](docs/SimpleEarnFlexibleAPI.md#getfinancesavingslendinghistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/savings/lending-history | Return data in the past month.  
*SimpleEarnFlexibleAPI* | [**GetFinanceSavingsLendingRateHistoryV5**](docs/SimpleEarnFlexibleAPI.md#getfinancesavingslendingratehistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/savings/lending-rate-history | Authentication is not required for this public endpoint.   Only returned records after December 14, 2021.  
*SimpleEarnFlexibleAPI* | [**GetFinanceSavingsLendingRateSummaryV5**](docs/SimpleEarnFlexibleAPI.md#getfinancesavingslendingratesummaryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/savings/lending-rate-summary | Authentication is not required for this public endpoint.  
*SolStakingAPI* | [**CreateFinanceStakingDefiSolPurchaseV5**](docs/SolStakingAPI.md#createfinancestakingdefisolpurchasev5) | **Post** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/sol/purchase | Staking SOL for OKSOL   Only the assets in the funding account can be used.    
*SolStakingAPI* | [**CreateFinanceStakingDefiSolRedeemV5**](docs/SolStakingAPI.md#createfinancestakingdefisolredeemv5) | **Post** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/sol/redeem | Only the assets in the funding account can be used. If your OKSOL is in your trading account, you can make funding transfer first.    
*SolStakingAPI* | [**GetFinanceStakingDefiSolApyHistoryV5**](docs/SolStakingAPI.md#getfinancestakingdefisolapyhistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/sol/apy-history | Public endpoints don&#39;t need authorization.  
*SolStakingAPI* | [**GetFinanceStakingDefiSolBalanceV5**](docs/SolStakingAPI.md#getfinancestakingdefisolbalancev5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/sol/balance | The balance is summarized all OKSOL assets (including assets in redeeming) in account.  
*SolStakingAPI* | [**GetFinanceStakingDefiSolPurchaseRedeemHistoryV5**](docs/SolStakingAPI.md#getfinancestakingdefisolpurchaseredeemhistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/finance/staking-defi/sol/purchase-redeem-history | 
*SpreadTradingAPI* | [**CreateSprdAmendOrderV5**](docs/SpreadTradingAPI.md#createsprdamendorderv5) | **Post** /api/v5/sprd/amend-order | Amend an incomplete order.  
*SpreadTradingAPI* | [**CreateSprdCancelAllAfterV5**](docs/SpreadTradingAPI.md#createsprdcancelallafterv5) | **Post** /api/v5/sprd/cancel-all-after | Cancel all pending orders after the countdown timeout. Only applicable to spread trading.  
*SpreadTradingAPI* | [**CreateSprdCancelOrderV5**](docs/SpreadTradingAPI.md#createsprdcancelorderv5) | **Post** /api/v5/sprd/cancel-order | Cancel an incomplete order.  
*SpreadTradingAPI* | [**CreateSprdMassCancelV5**](docs/SpreadTradingAPI.md#createsprdmasscancelv5) | **Post** /api/v5/sprd/mass-cancel | Cancel all pending orders.  
*SpreadTradingAPI* | [**CreateSprdOrderV5**](docs/SpreadTradingAPI.md#createsprdorderv5) | **Post** /api/v5/sprd/order | Place a new order  
*SpreadTradingAPI* | [**GetMarketSprdCandlesV5**](docs/SpreadTradingAPI.md#getmarketsprdcandlesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/sprd-candles | Retrieve the candlestick charts. This endpoint can retrieve the latest 1,440 data entries. Charts are returned in groups based on the requested bar.  
*SpreadTradingAPI* | [**GetMarketSprdHistoryCandlesV5**](docs/SpreadTradingAPI.md#getmarketsprdhistorycandlesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/sprd-history-candles | Retrieve history candlestick charts from recent years.  
*SpreadTradingAPI* | [**GetMarketSprdTickerV5**](docs/SpreadTradingAPI.md#getmarketsprdtickerv5) | **Get** /api/v5/market/sprd-ticker | Retrieve the latest price snapshot, best bid/ask price and quantity.  
*SpreadTradingAPI* | [**GetSprdBooksV5**](docs/SpreadTradingAPI.md#getsprdbooksv5) | **Get** /api/v5/sprd/books | Retrieve the order book of the spread.  
*SpreadTradingAPI* | [**GetSprdOrderV5**](docs/SpreadTradingAPI.md#getsprdorderv5) | **Get** /api/v5/sprd/order | Retrieve order details.  
*SpreadTradingAPI* | [**GetSprdOrdersHistoryArchiveV5**](docs/SpreadTradingAPI.md#getsprdordershistoryarchivev5) | **Get** /api/v5/sprd/orders-history-archive | Retrieve the completed order data for the last 3 months, including those placed 3 months ago but completed in the last 3 months. Results are returned in counter chronological order.  
*SpreadTradingAPI* | [**GetSprdOrdersHistoryV5**](docs/SpreadTradingAPI.md#getsprdordershistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/sprd/orders-history | Retrieve the completed order data for the last 21 days, and the incomplete orders (filledSz &#x3D;0 &amp; state &#x3D; canceled) that have been canceled are only reserved for 2 hours. Results are returned in counter chronological order of orders creation.  
*SpreadTradingAPI* | [**GetSprdOrdersPendingV5**](docs/SpreadTradingAPI.md#getsprdorderspendingv5) | **Get** /api/v5/sprd/orders-pending | Retrieve all incomplete orders under the current account.  
*SpreadTradingAPI* | [**GetSprdPublicTradesV5**](docs/SpreadTradingAPI.md#getsprdpublictradesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/sprd/public-trades | Retrieve the recent transactions of an instrument (at most 500 records per request). Results are returned in counter chronological order.   
*SpreadTradingAPI* | [**GetSprdSpreadsV5**](docs/SpreadTradingAPI.md#getsprdspreadsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/sprd/spreads | Retrieve all available spreads based on the request parameters.  
*SpreadTradingAPI* | [**GetSprdTradesV5**](docs/SpreadTradingAPI.md#getsprdtradesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/sprd/trades | Retrieve historical transaction details . Results are returned in counter chronological order.  
*SubAccountAPI* | [**CreateAssetSubaccountTransferV5**](docs/SubAccountAPI.md#createassetsubaccounttransferv5) | **Post** /api/v5/asset/subaccount/transfer | Applies to master accounts only.   Only API keys with &#x60;Trade&#x60; privilege can call this endpoint.  
*SubAccountAPI* | [**CreateUsersSubaccountModifyApikeyV5**](docs/SubAccountAPI.md#createuserssubaccountmodifyapikeyv5) | **Post** /api/v5/users/subaccount/modify-apikey | Applies to master accounts only and master accounts API Key must be linked to IP addresses. Only API keys with &#x60;Trade&#x60; privilege can call this endpoint.  
*SubAccountAPI* | [**CreateUsersSubaccountSetTransferOutV5**](docs/SubAccountAPI.md#createuserssubaccountsettransferoutv5) | **Post** /api/v5/users/subaccount/set-transfer-out | Set permission of transfer out for sub-account (only applicable to master account API key). Sub-account can transfer out to master account by default.  
*SubAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountSubaccountBalancesV5**](docs/SubAccountAPI.md#getaccountsubaccountbalancesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/subaccount/balances | Query detailed balance info of Trading Account of a sub-account via the master account (applies to master accounts only)  
*SubAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountSubaccountMaxWithdrawalV5**](docs/SubAccountAPI.md#getaccountsubaccountmaxwithdrawalv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/subaccount/max-withdrawal | Retrieve the maximum withdrawal information of a sub-account via the master account (applies to master accounts only). If no currency is specified, the transferable amount of all owned currencies will be returned.  
*SubAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetSubaccountBalancesV5**](docs/SubAccountAPI.md#getassetsubaccountbalancesv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/subaccount/balances | Query detailed balance info of Funding Account of a sub-account via the master account (applies to master accounts only)  
*SubAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetSubaccountBillsV5**](docs/SubAccountAPI.md#getassetsubaccountbillsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/subaccount/bills | Applies to master accounts only.  
*SubAccountAPI* | [**GetAssetSubaccountManagedSubaccountBillsV5**](docs/SubAccountAPI.md#getassetsubaccountmanagedsubaccountbillsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/asset/subaccount/managed-subaccount-bills | Only applicable to the trading team&#39;s master account to getting transfer records of managed sub accounts entrusted to oneself.  
*SubAccountAPI* | [**GetUsersEntrustSubaccountListV5**](docs/SubAccountAPI.md#getusersentrustsubaccountlistv5) | **Get** /api/v5/users/entrust-subaccount-list | The trading team uses this interface to view the list of sub-accounts currently under escrow  
*SubAccountAPI* | [**GetUsersSubaccountListV5**](docs/SubAccountAPI.md#getuserssubaccountlistv5) | **Get** /api/v5/users/subaccount/list | Applies to master accounts only  
*TradeAPI* | [**CreateTradeAmendBatchOrdersV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#createtradeamendbatchordersv5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/amend-batch-orders | Amend incomplete orders in batches. Maximum 20 orders can be amended per request. Request parameters should be passed in the form of an array.  Rate limit of this endpoint will also be affected by the rules  and .  
*TradeAPI* | [**CreateTradeAmendOrderV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#createtradeamendorderv5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/amend-order | Amend an incomplete order.  Rate limit of this endpoint will also be affected by the rules  and .  
*TradeAPI* | [**CreateTradeBatchOrdersV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#createtradebatchordersv5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/batch-orders | Place orders in batches. Maximum 20 orders can be placed per request.    Request parameters should be passed in the form of an array. Orders will be placed in turn    Rate limit of this endpoint will also be affected by the rules  and .  
*TradeAPI* | [**CreateTradeCancelAllAfterV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#createtradecancelallafterv5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/cancel-all-after | Cancel all pending orders after the countdown timeout. Applicable to all trading symbols through order book (except Spread trading)    
*TradeAPI* | [**CreateTradeCancelBatchOrdersV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#createtradecancelbatchordersv5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/cancel-batch-orders | Cancel incomplete orders in batches. Maximum 20 orders can be canceled per request. Request parameters should be passed in the form of an array.  
*TradeAPI* | [**CreateTradeCancelOrderV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#createtradecancelorderv5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/cancel-order | Cancel an incomplete order.  
*TradeAPI* | [**CreateTradeClosePositionV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#createtradeclosepositionv5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/close-position | Close the position of an instrument via a market order.  
*TradeAPI* | [**CreateTradeEasyConvertV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#createtradeeasyconvertv5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/easy-convert | Convert small currencies to mainstream currencies.   
*TradeAPI* | [**CreateTradeMassCancelV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#createtrademasscancelv5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/mass-cancel | Cancel all the MMP pending orders of an instrument family.    Only applicable to Option in Portfolio Margin mode, and MMP privilege is required.  
*TradeAPI* | [**CreateTradeOneClickRepayV2V5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#createtradeoneclickrepayv2v5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/one-click-repay-v2 | Trade one-click repay to repay debts. Only applicable to &#x60;SPOT mode&#x60;.   
*TradeAPI* | [**CreateTradeOneClickRepayV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#createtradeoneclickrepayv5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/one-click-repay | Trade one-click repay to repay cross debts. Isolated debts are not applicable. The maximum repayment amount is based on the remaining available balance of funding and trading accounts. Only applicable to &#x60;Multi-currency margin&#x60;/&#x60;Portfolio margin&#x60;.  
*TradeAPI* | [**CreateTradeOrderPrecheckV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#createtradeorderprecheckv5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/order-precheck | This endpoint is used to precheck the account information before and after placing the order.    Only applicable to &#x60;Multi-currency margin mode&#x60;, and &#x60;Portfolio margin mode&#x60;.  
*TradeAPI* | [**CreateTradeOrderV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#createtradeorderv5) | **Post** /api/v5/trade/order | You can place an order only if you have sufficient funds.  Rate limit of this endpoint will also be affected by the rules  and .  
*TradeAPI* | [**GetTradeAccountRateLimitV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#gettradeaccountratelimitv5) | **Get** /api/v5/trade/account-rate-limit | Get account rate limit related information.     Only new order requests and amendment order requests will be counted towards this limit. For batch order requests consisting of multiple orders, each order will be counted individually.     For details, please refer to   
*TradeAPI* | [**GetTradeEasyConvertCurrencyListV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#gettradeeasyconvertcurrencylistv5) | **Get** /api/v5/trade/easy-convert-currency-list | Get list of small convertibles and mainstream currencies. Only applicable to the crypto balance less than $10.  
*TradeAPI* | [**GetTradeEasyConvertHistoryV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#gettradeeasyconverthistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/trade/easy-convert-history | Get the history and status of easy convert trades in the past 7 days.  
*TradeAPI* | [**GetTradeFillsHistoryV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#gettradefillshistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/trade/fills-history | Retrieve recently-filled transaction details in the last 3 months.  
*TradeAPI* | [**GetTradeFillsV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#gettradefillsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/trade/fills | Retrieve recently-filled transaction details in the last 3 day.  
*TradeAPI* | [**GetTradeOneClickRepayCurrencyListV2V5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#gettradeoneclickrepaycurrencylistv2v5) | **Get** /api/v5/trade/one-click-repay-currency-list-v2 | Get list of debt currency data and repay currencies. Only applicable to &#x60;SPOT mode&#x60;.  
*TradeAPI* | [**GetTradeOneClickRepayCurrencyListV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#gettradeoneclickrepaycurrencylistv5) | **Get** /api/v5/trade/one-click-repay-currency-list | Get list of debt currency data and repay currencies. Debt currencies include both cross and isolated debts. Only applicable to &#x60;Multi-currency margin&#x60;/&#x60;Portfolio margin&#x60;.  
*TradeAPI* | [**GetTradeOneClickRepayHistoryV2V5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#gettradeoneclickrepayhistoryv2v5) | **Get** /api/v5/trade/one-click-repay-history-v2 | Get the history and status of one-click repay trades in the past 7 days. Only applicable to &#x60;SPOT mode&#x60;.  
*TradeAPI* | [**GetTradeOneClickRepayHistoryV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#gettradeoneclickrepayhistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/trade/one-click-repay-history | Get the history and status of one-click repay trades in the past 7 days. Only applicable to &#x60;Multi-currency margin&#x60;/&#x60;Portfolio margin&#x60;.  
*TradeAPI* | [**GetTradeOrderV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#gettradeorderv5) | **Get** /api/v5/trade/order | Retrieve order details.  
*TradeAPI* | [**GetTradeOrdersHistoryArchiveV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#gettradeordershistoryarchivev5) | **Get** /api/v5/trade/orders-history-archive | Get completed orders which are placed in the last 3 months, including those placed 3 months ago but completed in the last 3 months.      
*TradeAPI* | [**GetTradeOrdersHistoryV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#gettradeordershistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/trade/orders-history | Get completed orders which are placed in the last 7 days, including those placed 7 days ago but completed in the last 7 days.      The incomplete orders that have been canceled are only reserved for 2 hours.  
*TradeAPI* | [**GetTradeOrdersPendingV5**](docs/TradeAPI.md#gettradeorderspendingv5) | **Get** /api/v5/trade/orders-pending | Retrieve all incomplete orders under the current account.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountAccountLevelSwitchPresetV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountaccountlevelswitchpresetv5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/account-level-switch-preset | Pre-set the required information for account mode switching. When switching from &#x60;Portfolio margin mode&#x60; back to &#x60;Spot and futures mode&#x60; / &#x60;Multi-currency margin mode&#x60;, and if there are existing cross-margin contract positions, it is mandatory to pre-set leverage.  If the user does not follow the required settings, they will receive an error message during the pre-check or when setting the account mode.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountActivateOptionV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountactivateoptionv5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/activate-option | 
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountBillsHistoryArchiveV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountbillshistoryarchivev5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/bills-history-archive | Apply for bill data since 1 February, 2021 except for the current quarter.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountMmpConfigV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountmmpconfigv5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/mmp-config | This endpoint is used to set MMP configure    Only applicable to Option in Portfolio Margin mode, and MMP privilege is required.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountMmpResetV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountmmpresetv5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/mmp-reset | You can unfreeze by this endpoint once MMP is triggered.    Only applicable to Option in Portfolio Margin mode, and MMP privilege is required.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountpositionbuilderv5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/position-builder | Calculates portfolio margin information for virtual position/assets or current position of the user.   You can add up to 200 virtual positions and 200 virtual assets in one request.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountPositionMarginBalanceV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountpositionmarginbalancev5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/position/margin-balance | Increase or decrease the margin of the isolated position. Margin reduction may result in the change of the actual leverage.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountQuickMarginBorrowRepayV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountquickmarginborrowrepayv5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/quick-margin-borrow-repay | Please note that this endpoint will be deprecated soon.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountSetAccountLevelV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountsetaccountlevelv5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/set-account-level | You need to set on the Web/App for the first set of every account mode. If users plan to switch account modes while holding positions, they should first call the preset endpoint to conduct necessary settings, then call the precheck endpoint to get unmatched information, margin check, and other related information, and finally call the account mode switch endpoint to switch account modes.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountSetAutoLoanV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountsetautoloanv5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/set-auto-loan | Only applicable to &#x60;Multi-currency margin&#x60; and &#x60;Portfolio margin&#x60;  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountSetAutoRepayV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountsetautorepayv5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/set-auto-repay | Only applicable to &#x60;Spot mode&#x60; (enabled borrowing)  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountSetCollateralAssetsV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountsetcollateralassetsv5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/set-collateral-assets | 
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountSetGreeksV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountsetgreeksv5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/set-greeks | Set the display type of Greeks.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountSetIsolatedModeV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountsetisolatedmodev5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/set-isolated-mode | You can set the currency margin and futures/perpetual Isolated margin trading mode  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountSetLeverageV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountsetleveragev5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/set-leverage |   There are 10 different scenarios for leverage setting:      1. Set leverage for &#x60;MARGIN&#x60; instruments under &#x60;isolated-margin&#x60; trade mode at pairs level.    2. Set leverage for &#x60;MARGIN&#x60; instruments under &#x60;cross-margin&#x60; trade mode and Spot mode (enabled borrow) at currency level.    3. Set leverage for &#x60;MARGIN&#x60; instruments under &#x60;cross-margin&#x60; trade mode and Spot and futures mode account mode at pairs level.    4. Set leverage for &#x60;MARGIN&#x60; instruments under &#x60;cross-margin&#x60; trade mode and Multi-currency margin at currency level.    5. Set leverage for &#x60;MARGIN&#x60; instruments under &#x60;cross-margin&#x60; trade mode and Portfolio margin at currency level.    6. Set leverage for &#x60;FUTURES&#x60; instruments under &#x60;cross-margin&#x60; trade mode at underlying level.    7. Set leverage for &#x60;FUTURES&#x60; instruments under &#x60;isolated-margin&#x60; trade mode and buy/sell position mode at contract level.    8. Set leverage for &#x60;FUTURES&#x60; instruments under &#x60;isolated-margin&#x60; trade mode and long/short position mode at contract and position side level.    9. Set leverage for &#x60;SWAP&#x60; instruments under &#x60;cross-margin&#x60; trade at contract level.    10. Set leverage for &#x60;SWAP&#x60; instruments under &#x60;isolated-margin&#x60; trade mode and buy/sell position mode at contract level.    11. Set leverage for &#x60;SWAP&#x60; instruments under &#x60;isolated-margin&#x60; trade mode and long/short position mode at contract and position side level.       Note that the request parameter &#x60;posSide&#x60; is only required when margin mode is isolated in long/short position mode for FUTURES/SWAP instruments (see scenario 8 and 11 above).    Please refer to the request examples on the right for each case.     
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountSetPositionModeV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountsetpositionmodev5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/set-position-mode | Spot and futures mode and Multi-currency mode: &#x60;FUTURES&#x60; and &#x60;SWAP&#x60; support both &#x60;long/short&#x60; mode and &#x60;net&#x60; mode. In &#x60;net&#x60; mode, users can only have positions in one direction; In &#x60;long/short&#x60; mode, users can hold positions in long and short directions.   Portfolio margin mode: &#x60;FUTURES&#x60; and &#x60;SWAP&#x60; only support &#x60;net&#x60; mode  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountSetRiskOffsetAmtV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountsetriskoffsetamtv5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/set-riskOffset-amt | Set risk offset amount. This does not represent the actual spot risk offset amount. Only applicable to Portfolio Margin Mode.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**CreateAccountSpotManualBorrowRepayV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#createaccountspotmanualborrowrepayv5) | **Post** /api/v5/account/spot-manual-borrow-repay | Only applicable to &#x60;Spot mode&#x60; (enabled borrowing)  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountAccountPositionRiskV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountaccountpositionriskv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/account-position-risk | Get account and position risk  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountAdjustLeverageInfoV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountadjustleverageinfov5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/adjust-leverage-info | 
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountBalanceV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountbalancev5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/balance | Retrieve a list of assets (with non-zero balance), remaining balance, and available amount in the trading account.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountBillsArchiveV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountbillsarchivev5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/bills-archive | Retrieve the accounts bills. The bill refers to all transaction records that result in changing the balance of an account. Pagination is supported, and the response is sorted with most recent first. This endpoint can retrieve data from the last 1 year since July 1, 2024.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountBillsHistoryArchiveV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountbillshistoryarchivev5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/bills-history-archive | Apply for bill data since 1 February, 2021 except for the current quarter.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountBillsV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountbillsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/bills | Retrieve the bills of the account. The bill refers to all transaction records that result in changing the balance of an account. Pagination is supported, and the response is sorted with the most recent first. This endpoint can retrieve data from the last 7 days.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountCollateralAssetsV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountcollateralassetsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/collateral-assets | 
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountConfigV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountconfigv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/config | Retrieve current account configuration.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountGreeksV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountgreeksv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/greeks | Retrieve a greeks list of all assets in the account.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountInstrumentsV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountinstrumentsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/instruments | Retrieve available instruments info of current account.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountInterestAccruedV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountinterestaccruedv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/interest-accrued | Get interest accrued data. Only data within the last one year can be obtained.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountInterestLimitsV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountinterestlimitsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/interest-limits | 
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountInterestRateV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountinterestratev5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/interest-rate | Get the user&#39;s current leveraged currency borrowing market interest rate  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountLeverageInfoV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountleverageinfov5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/leverage-info | 
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountMaxAvailSizeV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountmaxavailsizev5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/max-avail-size | Available balance for isolated margin positions and SPOT, available equity for cross margin positions.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountMaxLoanV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountmaxloanv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/max-loan | 
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountMaxSizeV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountmaxsizev5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/max-size | The maximum quantity to buy or sell. It corresponds to the \&quot;sz\&quot; from placement.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountMaxWithdrawalV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountmaxwithdrawalv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/max-withdrawal | Retrieve the maximum transferable amount from trading account to funding account. If no currency is specified, the transferable amount of all owned currencies will be returned.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountMmpConfigV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountmmpconfigv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/mmp-config | This endpoint is used to get MMP configure information    Only applicable to Option in Portfolio Margin mode, and MMP privilege is required.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountPositionTiersV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountpositiontiersv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/position-tiers | Retrieve cross position limitation of SWAP/FUTURES/OPTION under Portfolio margin mode.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountPositionsHistoryV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountpositionshistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/positions-history | Retrieve the updated position data for the last 3 months. Return in reverse chronological order using utime. Getting positions history is supported under Portfolio margin mode since .  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountPositionsV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountpositionsv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/positions | Retrieve information on your positions. When the account is in &#x60;net&#x60; mode, &#x60;net&#x60; positions will be displayed, and when the account is in &#x60;long/short&#x60; mode, &#x60;long&#x60; or &#x60;short&#x60; positions will be displayed. Return in reverse chronological order using ctime.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountQuickMarginBorrowRepayHistoryV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountquickmarginborrowrepayhistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/quick-margin-borrow-repay-history | Get record in the past 3 months.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountRiskStateV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountriskstatev5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/risk-state | Only applicable to Portfolio margin account  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountsetaccountswitchprecheckv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/set-account-switch-precheck | Retrieve precheck information for account mode switching.  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountSpotBorrowRepayHistoryV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccountspotborrowrepayhistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/spot-borrow-repay-history | Retrieve the borrow/repay history under &#x60;Spot mode&#x60;  
*TradingAccountAPI* | [**GetAccountTradeFeeV5**](docs/TradingAccountAPI.md#getaccounttradefeev5) | **Get** /api/v5/account/trade-fee | 
*TradingStatisticsAPI* | [**GetRubikStatContractsLongShortAccountRatioContractTopTraderV5**](docs/TradingStatisticsAPI.md#getrubikstatcontractslongshortaccountratiocontracttoptraderv5) | **Get** /api/v5/rubik/stat/contracts/long-short-account-ratio-contract-top-trader | Retrieve the account net long/short ratio of a contract for top traders. Top traders refer to the top 5% of traders with the largest open position value. This endpoint can retrieve the latest 1,440 data entries. The data time range is up to March 22, 2024.  
*TradingStatisticsAPI* | [**GetRubikStatContractsLongShortAccountRatioContractV5**](docs/TradingStatisticsAPI.md#getrubikstatcontractslongshortaccountratiocontractv5) | **Get** /api/v5/rubik/stat/contracts/long-short-account-ratio-contract | Retrieve the account long/short ratio of a contract. This endpoint can retrieve the latest 1,440 data entries.     For period&#x3D;1D, the data time range is up to January 1, 2024; for other periods, the data time range is up to early February 2024.  
*TradingStatisticsAPI* | [**GetRubikStatContractsLongShortAccountRatioV5**](docs/TradingStatisticsAPI.md#getrubikstatcontractslongshortaccountratiov5) | **Get** /api/v5/rubik/stat/contracts/long-short-account-ratio | Retrieve the ratio of users with net long vs net short positions for Expiry Futures and Perpetual Futures.  
*TradingStatisticsAPI* | [**GetRubikStatContractsLongShortPositionRatioContractTopTraderV5**](docs/TradingStatisticsAPI.md#getrubikstatcontractslongshortpositionratiocontracttoptraderv5) | **Get** /api/v5/rubik/stat/contracts/long-short-position-ratio-contract-top-trader | Retrieve the position long/short ratio of a contract for top traders. Top traders refer to the top 5% of traders with the largest open position value. This endpoint can retrieve the latest 1,440 data entries. The data time range is up to March 22, 2024.  
*TradingStatisticsAPI* | [**GetRubikStatContractsOpenInterestHistoryV5**](docs/TradingStatisticsAPI.md#getrubikstatcontractsopeninteresthistoryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/rubik/stat/contracts/open-interest-history | Retrieve the contract open interest statistics of futures and perp. This endpoint can retrieve the latest 1,440 data entries.     For period&#x3D;1D, the data time range is up to January 1, 2024; for other periods, the data time range is up to early February 2024.  
*TradingStatisticsAPI* | [**GetRubikStatContractsOpenInterestVolumeV5**](docs/TradingStatisticsAPI.md#getrubikstatcontractsopeninterestvolumev5) | **Get** /api/v5/rubik/stat/contracts/open-interest-volume | Retrieve the open interest and trading volume for Expiry Futures and Perpetual Futures.  
*TradingStatisticsAPI* | [**GetRubikStatMarginLoanRatioV5**](docs/TradingStatisticsAPI.md#getrubikstatmarginloanratiov5) | **Get** /api/v5/rubik/stat/margin/loan-ratio | Retrieve the ratio of cumulative amount of quote currency to base currency.  
*TradingStatisticsAPI* | [**GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeExpiryV5**](docs/TradingStatisticsAPI.md#getrubikstatoptionopeninterestvolumeexpiryv5) | **Get** /api/v5/rubik/stat/option/open-interest-volume-expiry | Retrieve the open interest and trading volume of calls and puts for each upcoming expiration.  
*TradingStatisticsAPI* | [**GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeRatioV5**](docs/TradingStatisticsAPI.md#getrubikstatoptionopeninterestvolumeratiov5) | **Get** /api/v5/rubik/stat/option/open-interest-volume-ratio | Retrieve the open interest ratio and trading volume ratio of calls vs puts.  
*TradingStatisticsAPI* | [**GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeStrikeV5**](docs/TradingStatisticsAPI.md#getrubikstatoptionopeninterestvolumestrikev5) | **Get** /api/v5/rubik/stat/option/open-interest-volume-strike | Retrieve the taker volume for both buyers and sellers of calls and puts.  
*TradingStatisticsAPI* | [**GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeV5**](docs/TradingStatisticsAPI.md#getrubikstatoptionopeninterestvolumev5) | **Get** /api/v5/rubik/stat/option/open-interest-volume | Retrieve the open interest and trading volume for options.  
*TradingStatisticsAPI* | [**GetRubikStatOptionTakerBlockVolumeV5**](docs/TradingStatisticsAPI.md#getrubikstatoptiontakerblockvolumev5) | **Get** /api/v5/rubik/stat/option/taker-block-volume | This shows the relative buy/sell volume for calls and puts. It shows whether traders are bullish or bearish on price and volatility.  
*TradingStatisticsAPI* | [**GetRubikStatTakerVolumeContractV5**](docs/TradingStatisticsAPI.md#getrubikstattakervolumecontractv5) | **Get** /api/v5/rubik/stat/taker-volume-contract | Retrieve the contract taker volume for both buyers and sellers. This endpoint can retrieve the latest 1,440 data entries.     For period&#x3D;1D, the data time range is up to January 1, 2024; for other periods, the data time range is up to early February 2024.  
*TradingStatisticsAPI* | [**GetRubikStatTakerVolumeV5**](docs/TradingStatisticsAPI.md#getrubikstattakervolumev5) | **Get** /api/v5/rubik/stat/taker-volume | Retrieve the taker volume for both buyers and sellers.  
*TradingStatisticsAPI* | [**GetRubikStatTradingDataSupportCoinV5**](docs/TradingStatisticsAPI.md#getrubikstattradingdatasupportcoinv5) | **Get** /api/v5/rubik/stat/trading-data/support-coin | Retrieve the currencies supported by the trading statistics endpoints.  


## Documentation For Models

 - [APIError](docs/APIError.md)
 - [CreateAccountAccountLevelSwitchPresetV5Req](docs/CreateAccountAccountLevelSwitchPresetV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountAccountLevelSwitchPresetV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountAccountLevelSwitchPresetV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountAccountLevelSwitchPresetV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountAccountLevelSwitchPresetV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountActivateOptionV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountActivateOptionV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountActivateOptionV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountActivateOptionV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountBillsHistoryArchiveV5Req](docs/CreateAccountBillsHistoryArchiveV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountBillsHistoryArchiveV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountBillsHistoryArchiveV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountBillsHistoryArchiveV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountBillsHistoryArchiveV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountMmpConfigV5Req](docs/CreateAccountMmpConfigV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountMmpConfigV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountMmpConfigV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountMmpConfigV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountMmpConfigV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountMmpResetV5Req](docs/CreateAccountMmpResetV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountMmpResetV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountMmpResetV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountMmpResetV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountMmpResetV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5Req](docs/CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5ReqSimAssetInner](docs/CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5ReqSimAssetInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5ReqSimPosInner](docs/CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5ReqSimPosInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5RespDataInnerAssetsInner](docs/CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5RespDataInnerAssetsInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5RespDataInnerPositionsInner](docs/CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5RespDataInnerPositionsInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5RespDataInnerRiskUnitDataInner](docs/CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5RespDataInnerRiskUnitDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5RespDataInnerRiskUnitDataInnerMr1FinalResult](docs/CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5RespDataInnerRiskUnitDataInnerMr1FinalResult.md)
 - [CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5RespDataInnerRiskUnitDataInnerMr1Scenarios](docs/CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5RespDataInnerRiskUnitDataInnerMr1Scenarios.md)
 - [CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5RespDataInnerRiskUnitDataInnerMr6FinalResult](docs/CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5RespDataInnerRiskUnitDataInnerMr6FinalResult.md)
 - [CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5RespDataInnerRiskUnitDataInnerPortfoliosInner](docs/CreateAccountPositionBuilderV5RespDataInnerRiskUnitDataInnerPortfoliosInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountPositionMarginBalanceV5Req](docs/CreateAccountPositionMarginBalanceV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountPositionMarginBalanceV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountPositionMarginBalanceV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountPositionMarginBalanceV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountPositionMarginBalanceV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountQuickMarginBorrowRepayV5Req](docs/CreateAccountQuickMarginBorrowRepayV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountQuickMarginBorrowRepayV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountQuickMarginBorrowRepayV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountQuickMarginBorrowRepayV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountQuickMarginBorrowRepayV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetAccountLevelV5Req](docs/CreateAccountSetAccountLevelV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetAccountLevelV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountSetAccountLevelV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetAccountLevelV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountSetAccountLevelV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetAutoLoanV5Req](docs/CreateAccountSetAutoLoanV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetAutoLoanV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountSetAutoLoanV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetAutoLoanV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountSetAutoLoanV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetAutoRepayV5Req](docs/CreateAccountSetAutoRepayV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetAutoRepayV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountSetAutoRepayV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetAutoRepayV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountSetAutoRepayV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetCollateralAssetsV5Req](docs/CreateAccountSetCollateralAssetsV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetCollateralAssetsV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountSetCollateralAssetsV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetCollateralAssetsV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountSetCollateralAssetsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetGreeksV5Req](docs/CreateAccountSetGreeksV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetGreeksV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountSetGreeksV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetGreeksV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountSetGreeksV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetIsolatedModeV5Req](docs/CreateAccountSetIsolatedModeV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetIsolatedModeV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountSetIsolatedModeV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetIsolatedModeV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountSetIsolatedModeV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetLeverageV5Req](docs/CreateAccountSetLeverageV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetLeverageV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountSetLeverageV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetLeverageV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountSetLeverageV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetPositionModeV5Req](docs/CreateAccountSetPositionModeV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetPositionModeV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountSetPositionModeV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetPositionModeV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountSetPositionModeV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetRiskOffsetAmtV5Req](docs/CreateAccountSetRiskOffsetAmtV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetRiskOffsetAmtV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountSetRiskOffsetAmtV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountSetRiskOffsetAmtV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountSetRiskOffsetAmtV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAccountSpotManualBorrowRepayV5Req](docs/CreateAccountSpotManualBorrowRepayV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAccountSpotManualBorrowRepayV5Resp](docs/CreateAccountSpotManualBorrowRepayV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAccountSpotManualBorrowRepayV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAccountSpotManualBorrowRepayV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAssetCancelWithdrawalV5Req](docs/CreateAssetCancelWithdrawalV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAssetCancelWithdrawalV5Resp](docs/CreateAssetCancelWithdrawalV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAssetCancelWithdrawalV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAssetCancelWithdrawalV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAssetConvertEstimateQuoteV5Req](docs/CreateAssetConvertEstimateQuoteV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAssetConvertEstimateQuoteV5Resp](docs/CreateAssetConvertEstimateQuoteV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAssetConvertEstimateQuoteV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAssetConvertEstimateQuoteV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAssetConvertTradeV5Req](docs/CreateAssetConvertTradeV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAssetConvertTradeV5Resp](docs/CreateAssetConvertTradeV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAssetConvertTradeV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAssetConvertTradeV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAssetMonthlyStatementV5Req](docs/CreateAssetMonthlyStatementV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAssetMonthlyStatementV5Resp](docs/CreateAssetMonthlyStatementV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAssetMonthlyStatementV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAssetMonthlyStatementV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAssetSubaccountTransferV5Req](docs/CreateAssetSubaccountTransferV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAssetSubaccountTransferV5Resp](docs/CreateAssetSubaccountTransferV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAssetSubaccountTransferV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAssetSubaccountTransferV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateAssetTransferV5Req](docs/CreateAssetTransferV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAssetTransferV5Resp](docs/CreateAssetTransferV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAssetWithdrawalV5Req](docs/CreateAssetWithdrawalV5Req.md)
 - [CreateAssetWithdrawalV5ReqRcvrInfo](docs/CreateAssetWithdrawalV5ReqRcvrInfo.md)
 - [CreateAssetWithdrawalV5Resp](docs/CreateAssetWithdrawalV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateAssetWithdrawalV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateAssetWithdrawalV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingAlgoOrderV5Req](docs/CreateCopytradingAlgoOrderV5Req.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingAlgoOrderV5Resp](docs/CreateCopytradingAlgoOrderV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingAlgoOrderV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateCopytradingAlgoOrderV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingAmendCopySettingsV5Req](docs/CreateCopytradingAmendCopySettingsV5Req.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingAmendCopySettingsV5Resp](docs/CreateCopytradingAmendCopySettingsV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingAmendCopySettingsV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateCopytradingAmendCopySettingsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingAmendProfitSharingRatioV5Req](docs/CreateCopytradingAmendProfitSharingRatioV5Req.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingAmendProfitSharingRatioV5Resp](docs/CreateCopytradingAmendProfitSharingRatioV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingCloseSubpositionV5Req](docs/CreateCopytradingCloseSubpositionV5Req.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingCloseSubpositionV5Resp](docs/CreateCopytradingCloseSubpositionV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingFirstCopySettingsV5Req](docs/CreateCopytradingFirstCopySettingsV5Req.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingFirstCopySettingsV5Resp](docs/CreateCopytradingFirstCopySettingsV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingSetInstrumentsV5Req](docs/CreateCopytradingSetInstrumentsV5Req.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingSetInstrumentsV5Resp](docs/CreateCopytradingSetInstrumentsV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingSetInstrumentsV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateCopytradingSetInstrumentsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingStopCopyTradingV5Req](docs/CreateCopytradingStopCopyTradingV5Req.md)
 - [CreateCopytradingStopCopyTradingV5Resp](docs/CreateCopytradingStopCopyTradingV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateFiatCancelWithdrawalV5Req](docs/CreateFiatCancelWithdrawalV5Req.md)
 - [CreateFiatCancelWithdrawalV5Resp](docs/CreateFiatCancelWithdrawalV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateFiatCancelWithdrawalV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateFiatCancelWithdrawalV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateFiatCreateWithdrawalV5Req](docs/CreateFiatCreateWithdrawalV5Req.md)
 - [CreateFiatCreateWithdrawalV5Resp](docs/CreateFiatCreateWithdrawalV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateFiatCreateWithdrawalV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateFiatCreateWithdrawalV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateFinanceFlexibleLoanAdjustCollateralV5Req](docs/CreateFinanceFlexibleLoanAdjustCollateralV5Req.md)
 - [CreateFinanceFlexibleLoanAdjustCollateralV5Resp](docs/CreateFinanceFlexibleLoanAdjustCollateralV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateFinanceFlexibleLoanMaxLoanV5Req](docs/CreateFinanceFlexibleLoanMaxLoanV5Req.md)
 - [CreateFinanceFlexibleLoanMaxLoanV5ReqSupCollateralInner](docs/CreateFinanceFlexibleLoanMaxLoanV5ReqSupCollateralInner.md)
 - [CreateFinanceFlexibleLoanMaxLoanV5Resp](docs/CreateFinanceFlexibleLoanMaxLoanV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateFinanceFlexibleLoanMaxLoanV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateFinanceFlexibleLoanMaxLoanV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateFinanceSavingsPurchaseRedemptV5Req](docs/CreateFinanceSavingsPurchaseRedemptV5Req.md)
 - [CreateFinanceSavingsPurchaseRedemptV5Resp](docs/CreateFinanceSavingsPurchaseRedemptV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateFinanceSavingsPurchaseRedemptV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateFinanceSavingsPurchaseRedemptV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateFinanceSavingsSetLendingRateV5Req](docs/CreateFinanceSavingsSetLendingRateV5Req.md)
 - [CreateFinanceSavingsSetLendingRateV5Resp](docs/CreateFinanceSavingsSetLendingRateV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateFinanceSavingsSetLendingRateV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateFinanceSavingsSetLendingRateV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateFinanceStakingDefiCancelV5Req](docs/CreateFinanceStakingDefiCancelV5Req.md)
 - [CreateFinanceStakingDefiCancelV5Resp](docs/CreateFinanceStakingDefiCancelV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateFinanceStakingDefiCancelV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateFinanceStakingDefiCancelV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateFinanceStakingDefiEthPurchaseV5Req](docs/CreateFinanceStakingDefiEthPurchaseV5Req.md)
 - [CreateFinanceStakingDefiEthPurchaseV5Resp](docs/CreateFinanceStakingDefiEthPurchaseV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateFinanceStakingDefiEthRedeemV5Req](docs/CreateFinanceStakingDefiEthRedeemV5Req.md)
 - [CreateFinanceStakingDefiEthRedeemV5Resp](docs/CreateFinanceStakingDefiEthRedeemV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateFinanceStakingDefiPurchaseV5Req](docs/CreateFinanceStakingDefiPurchaseV5Req.md)
 - [CreateFinanceStakingDefiPurchaseV5ReqInvestDataInner](docs/CreateFinanceStakingDefiPurchaseV5ReqInvestDataInner.md)
 - [CreateFinanceStakingDefiPurchaseV5Resp](docs/CreateFinanceStakingDefiPurchaseV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateFinanceStakingDefiRedeemV5Req](docs/CreateFinanceStakingDefiRedeemV5Req.md)
 - [CreateFinanceStakingDefiRedeemV5Resp](docs/CreateFinanceStakingDefiRedeemV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateFinanceStakingDefiSolPurchaseV5Req](docs/CreateFinanceStakingDefiSolPurchaseV5Req.md)
 - [CreateFinanceStakingDefiSolPurchaseV5Resp](docs/CreateFinanceStakingDefiSolPurchaseV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateFinanceStakingDefiSolRedeemV5Req](docs/CreateFinanceStakingDefiSolRedeemV5Req.md)
 - [CreateFinanceStakingDefiSolRedeemV5Resp](docs/CreateFinanceStakingDefiSolRedeemV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelAllAfterV5Req](docs/CreateRfqCancelAllAfterV5Req.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelAllAfterV5Resp](docs/CreateRfqCancelAllAfterV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelAllAfterV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateRfqCancelAllAfterV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelAllQuotesV5Resp](docs/CreateRfqCancelAllQuotesV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelAllQuotesV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateRfqCancelAllQuotesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelAllRfqsV5Resp](docs/CreateRfqCancelAllRfqsV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelAllRfqsV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateRfqCancelAllRfqsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelBatchQuotesV5Req](docs/CreateRfqCancelBatchQuotesV5Req.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelBatchQuotesV5Resp](docs/CreateRfqCancelBatchQuotesV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelBatchQuotesV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateRfqCancelBatchQuotesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelBatchRfqsV5Req](docs/CreateRfqCancelBatchRfqsV5Req.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelBatchRfqsV5Resp](docs/CreateRfqCancelBatchRfqsV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelBatchRfqsV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateRfqCancelBatchRfqsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelQuoteV5Req](docs/CreateRfqCancelQuoteV5Req.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelQuoteV5Resp](docs/CreateRfqCancelQuoteV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelRfqV5Req](docs/CreateRfqCancelRfqV5Req.md)
 - [CreateRfqCancelRfqV5Resp](docs/CreateRfqCancelRfqV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateRfqCreateQuoteV5Req](docs/CreateRfqCreateQuoteV5Req.md)
 - [CreateRfqCreateQuoteV5ReqLegsInner](docs/CreateRfqCreateQuoteV5ReqLegsInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqCreateQuoteV5Resp](docs/CreateRfqCreateQuoteV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateRfqCreateQuoteV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateRfqCreateQuoteV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqCreateQuoteV5RespDataInnerLegsInner](docs/CreateRfqCreateQuoteV5RespDataInnerLegsInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqCreateRfqV5Req](docs/CreateRfqCreateRfqV5Req.md)
 - [CreateRfqCreateRfqV5ReqLegsInner](docs/CreateRfqCreateRfqV5ReqLegsInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqCreateRfqV5Resp](docs/CreateRfqCreateRfqV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateRfqCreateRfqV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateRfqCreateRfqV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqCreateRfqV5RespDataInnerLegsInner](docs/CreateRfqCreateRfqV5RespDataInnerLegsInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqExecuteQuoteV5Req](docs/CreateRfqExecuteQuoteV5Req.md)
 - [CreateRfqExecuteQuoteV5ReqLegsInner](docs/CreateRfqExecuteQuoteV5ReqLegsInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqExecuteQuoteV5Resp](docs/CreateRfqExecuteQuoteV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateRfqExecuteQuoteV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateRfqExecuteQuoteV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqExecuteQuoteV5RespDataInnerLegsInner](docs/CreateRfqExecuteQuoteV5RespDataInnerLegsInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqMakerInstrumentSettingsV5Req](docs/CreateRfqMakerInstrumentSettingsV5Req.md)
 - [CreateRfqMakerInstrumentSettingsV5ReqDataInner](docs/CreateRfqMakerInstrumentSettingsV5ReqDataInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqMakerInstrumentSettingsV5Resp](docs/CreateRfqMakerInstrumentSettingsV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateRfqMakerInstrumentSettingsV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateRfqMakerInstrumentSettingsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqMmpConfigV5Req](docs/CreateRfqMmpConfigV5Req.md)
 - [CreateRfqMmpConfigV5Resp](docs/CreateRfqMmpConfigV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateRfqMmpConfigV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateRfqMmpConfigV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateRfqMmpResetV5Resp](docs/CreateRfqMmpResetV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateRfqMmpResetV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateRfqMmpResetV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateSprdAmendOrderV5Resp](docs/CreateSprdAmendOrderV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateSprdAmendOrderV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateSprdAmendOrderV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateSprdCancelAllAfterV5Req](docs/CreateSprdCancelAllAfterV5Req.md)
 - [CreateSprdCancelAllAfterV5Resp](docs/CreateSprdCancelAllAfterV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateSprdCancelOrderV5Req](docs/CreateSprdCancelOrderV5Req.md)
 - [CreateSprdCancelOrderV5Resp](docs/CreateSprdCancelOrderV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateSprdMassCancelV5Req](docs/CreateSprdMassCancelV5Req.md)
 - [CreateSprdMassCancelV5Resp](docs/CreateSprdMassCancelV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateSprdOrderV5Req](docs/CreateSprdOrderV5Req.md)
 - [CreateSprdOrderV5Resp](docs/CreateSprdOrderV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeAmendAlgosV5Req](docs/CreateTradeAmendAlgosV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeAmendAlgosV5Resp](docs/CreateTradeAmendAlgosV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeAmendAlgosV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradeAmendAlgosV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeAmendBatchOrdersV5Req](docs/CreateTradeAmendBatchOrdersV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeAmendBatchOrdersV5ReqAttachAlgoOrdsInner](docs/CreateTradeAmendBatchOrdersV5ReqAttachAlgoOrdsInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeAmendBatchOrdersV5Resp](docs/CreateTradeAmendBatchOrdersV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeAmendBatchOrdersV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradeAmendBatchOrdersV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeAmendOrderV5Req](docs/CreateTradeAmendOrderV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeAmendOrderV5Resp](docs/CreateTradeAmendOrderV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeBatchOrdersV5Req](docs/CreateTradeBatchOrdersV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeBatchOrdersV5ReqAttachAlgoOrdsInner](docs/CreateTradeBatchOrdersV5ReqAttachAlgoOrdsInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeBatchOrdersV5Resp](docs/CreateTradeBatchOrdersV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeBatchOrdersV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradeBatchOrdersV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeCancelAdvanceAlgosV5Req](docs/CreateTradeCancelAdvanceAlgosV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeCancelAdvanceAlgosV5Resp](docs/CreateTradeCancelAdvanceAlgosV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeCancelAdvanceAlgosV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradeCancelAdvanceAlgosV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeCancelAlgosV5Req](docs/CreateTradeCancelAlgosV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeCancelAlgosV5Resp](docs/CreateTradeCancelAlgosV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeCancelAlgosV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradeCancelAlgosV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeCancelAllAfterV5Req](docs/CreateTradeCancelAllAfterV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeCancelAllAfterV5Resp](docs/CreateTradeCancelAllAfterV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeCancelAllAfterV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradeCancelAllAfterV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeCancelBatchOrdersV5Req](docs/CreateTradeCancelBatchOrdersV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeCancelBatchOrdersV5Resp](docs/CreateTradeCancelBatchOrdersV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeCancelBatchOrdersV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradeCancelBatchOrdersV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeCancelOrderV5Req](docs/CreateTradeCancelOrderV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeCancelOrderV5Resp](docs/CreateTradeCancelOrderV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeClosePositionV5Req](docs/CreateTradeClosePositionV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeClosePositionV5Resp](docs/CreateTradeClosePositionV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeClosePositionV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradeClosePositionV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeEasyConvertV5Req](docs/CreateTradeEasyConvertV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeEasyConvertV5Resp](docs/CreateTradeEasyConvertV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeEasyConvertV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradeEasyConvertV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeMassCancelV5Req](docs/CreateTradeMassCancelV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeMassCancelV5Resp](docs/CreateTradeMassCancelV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeOneClickRepayV2V5Req](docs/CreateTradeOneClickRepayV2V5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeOneClickRepayV2V5Resp](docs/CreateTradeOneClickRepayV2V5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeOneClickRepayV2V5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradeOneClickRepayV2V5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeOneClickRepayV5Req](docs/CreateTradeOneClickRepayV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeOneClickRepayV5Resp](docs/CreateTradeOneClickRepayV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeOneClickRepayV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradeOneClickRepayV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeOrderAlgoV5Req](docs/CreateTradeOrderAlgoV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeOrderAlgoV5Resp](docs/CreateTradeOrderAlgoV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeOrderAlgoV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradeOrderAlgoV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeOrderPrecheckV5Req](docs/CreateTradeOrderPrecheckV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeOrderPrecheckV5ReqAttachAlgoOrdsInner](docs/CreateTradeOrderPrecheckV5ReqAttachAlgoOrdsInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeOrderPrecheckV5Resp](docs/CreateTradeOrderPrecheckV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradeOrderPrecheckV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradeOrderPrecheckV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeOrderV5Req](docs/CreateTradeOrderV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradeOrderV5ReqAttachAlgoOrdsInner](docs/CreateTradeOrderV5ReqAttachAlgoOrdsInner.md)
 - [CreateTradeOrderV5Resp](docs/CreateTradeOrderV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridAdjustInvestmentV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotGridAdjustInvestmentV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridAdjustInvestmentV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotGridAdjustInvestmentV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridAdjustInvestmentV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotGridAdjustInvestmentV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridAmendOrderAlgoV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotGridAmendOrderAlgoV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridAmendOrderAlgoV5ReqTriggerParamsInner](docs/CreateTradingBotGridAmendOrderAlgoV5ReqTriggerParamsInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridAmendOrderAlgoV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotGridAmendOrderAlgoV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridAmendOrderAlgoV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotGridAmendOrderAlgoV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridCancelCloseOrderV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotGridCancelCloseOrderV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridCancelCloseOrderV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotGridCancelCloseOrderV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridCancelCloseOrderV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotGridCancelCloseOrderV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridClosePositionV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotGridClosePositionV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridClosePositionV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotGridClosePositionV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridClosePositionV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotGridClosePositionV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridComputeMarginBalanceV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotGridComputeMarginBalanceV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridComputeMarginBalanceV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotGridComputeMarginBalanceV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridComputeMarginBalanceV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotGridComputeMarginBalanceV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridMarginBalanceV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotGridMarginBalanceV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridMarginBalanceV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotGridMarginBalanceV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridMarginBalanceV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotGridMarginBalanceV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridMinInvestmentV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotGridMinInvestmentV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridMinInvestmentV5ReqInvestmentDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotGridMinInvestmentV5ReqInvestmentDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridMinInvestmentV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotGridMinInvestmentV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridMinInvestmentV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotGridMinInvestmentV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridMinInvestmentV5RespDataInnerMinInvestmentDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotGridMinInvestmentV5RespDataInnerMinInvestmentDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridOrderAlgoV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotGridOrderAlgoV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridOrderAlgoV5ReqTriggerParamsInner](docs/CreateTradingBotGridOrderAlgoV5ReqTriggerParamsInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridOrderAlgoV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotGridOrderAlgoV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridOrderInstantTriggerV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotGridOrderInstantTriggerV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridOrderInstantTriggerV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotGridOrderInstantTriggerV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridStopOrderAlgoV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotGridStopOrderAlgoV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridStopOrderAlgoV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotGridStopOrderAlgoV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridWithdrawIncomeV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotGridWithdrawIncomeV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridWithdrawIncomeV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotGridWithdrawIncomeV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotGridWithdrawIncomeV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotGridWithdrawIncomeV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotRecurringAmendOrderAlgoV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotRecurringAmendOrderAlgoV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotRecurringAmendOrderAlgoV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotRecurringAmendOrderAlgoV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotRecurringAmendOrderAlgoV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotRecurringAmendOrderAlgoV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotRecurringOrderAlgoV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotRecurringOrderAlgoV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotRecurringOrderAlgoV5ReqRecurringListInner](docs/CreateTradingBotRecurringOrderAlgoV5ReqRecurringListInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotRecurringOrderAlgoV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotRecurringOrderAlgoV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotRecurringOrderAlgoV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotRecurringOrderAlgoV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotRecurringStopOrderAlgoV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotRecurringStopOrderAlgoV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotRecurringStopOrderAlgoV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotRecurringStopOrderAlgoV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotRecurringStopOrderAlgoV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotRecurringStopOrderAlgoV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalAmendTPSLV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalAmendTPSLV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalAmendTPSLV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalAmendTPSLV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalCancelSubOrderV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalCancelSubOrderV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalCancelSubOrderV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalCancelSubOrderV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalCancelSubOrderV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalCancelSubOrderV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalClosePositionV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalClosePositionV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalClosePositionV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalClosePositionV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalCreateSignalV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalCreateSignalV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalCreateSignalV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalCreateSignalV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalCreateSignalV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalCreateSignalV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalMarginBalanceV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalMarginBalanceV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalMarginBalanceV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalMarginBalanceV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalOrderAlgoV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalOrderAlgoV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalOrderAlgoV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalOrderAlgoV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalOrderAlgoV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalOrderAlgoV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalSetInstrumentsV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalSetInstrumentsV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalSetInstrumentsV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalSetInstrumentsV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalStopOrderAlgoV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalStopOrderAlgoV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalStopOrderAlgoV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalStopOrderAlgoV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalStopOrderAlgoV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalStopOrderAlgoV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalSubOrderV5Req](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalSubOrderV5Req.md)
 - [CreateTradingBotSignalSubOrderV5Resp](docs/CreateTradingBotSignalSubOrderV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateUsersSubaccountModifyApikeyV5Req](docs/CreateUsersSubaccountModifyApikeyV5Req.md)
 - [CreateUsersSubaccountModifyApikeyV5Resp](docs/CreateUsersSubaccountModifyApikeyV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateUsersSubaccountModifyApikeyV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateUsersSubaccountModifyApikeyV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [CreateUsersSubaccountSetTransferOutV5Req](docs/CreateUsersSubaccountSetTransferOutV5Req.md)
 - [CreateUsersSubaccountSetTransferOutV5Resp](docs/CreateUsersSubaccountSetTransferOutV5Resp.md)
 - [CreateUsersSubaccountSetTransferOutV5RespDataInner](docs/CreateUsersSubaccountSetTransferOutV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountAccountPositionRiskV5Resp](docs/GetAccountAccountPositionRiskV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountAccountPositionRiskV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountAccountPositionRiskV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountAccountPositionRiskV5RespDataInnerBalDataInner](docs/GetAccountAccountPositionRiskV5RespDataInnerBalDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountAccountPositionRiskV5RespDataInnerPosDataInner](docs/GetAccountAccountPositionRiskV5RespDataInnerPosDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountAdjustLeverageInfoV5Resp](docs/GetAccountAdjustLeverageInfoV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountAdjustLeverageInfoV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountAdjustLeverageInfoV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountBalanceV5Resp](docs/GetAccountBalanceV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountBalanceV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountBalanceV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountBalanceV5RespDataInnerDetailsInner](docs/GetAccountBalanceV5RespDataInnerDetailsInner.md)
 - [GetAccountBillsArchiveV5Resp](docs/GetAccountBillsArchiveV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountBillsArchiveV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountBillsArchiveV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountBillsHistoryArchiveV5Resp](docs/GetAccountBillsHistoryArchiveV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountBillsHistoryArchiveV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountBillsHistoryArchiveV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountBillsV5Resp](docs/GetAccountBillsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountBillsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountBillsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountCollateralAssetsV5Resp](docs/GetAccountCollateralAssetsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountCollateralAssetsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountCollateralAssetsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountConfigV5Resp](docs/GetAccountConfigV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountConfigV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountConfigV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountGreeksV5Resp](docs/GetAccountGreeksV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountGreeksV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountGreeksV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountInstrumentsV5Resp](docs/GetAccountInstrumentsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountInstrumentsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountInstrumentsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountInterestAccruedV5Resp](docs/GetAccountInterestAccruedV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountInterestAccruedV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountInterestAccruedV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountInterestLimitsV5Resp](docs/GetAccountInterestLimitsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountInterestLimitsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountInterestLimitsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountInterestLimitsV5RespDataInnerRecordsInner](docs/GetAccountInterestLimitsV5RespDataInnerRecordsInner.md)
 - [GetAccountInterestLimitsV5RespDataInnerRecordsInnerSurplusLmtDetails](docs/GetAccountInterestLimitsV5RespDataInnerRecordsInnerSurplusLmtDetails.md)
 - [GetAccountInterestRateV5Resp](docs/GetAccountInterestRateV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountInterestRateV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountInterestRateV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountLeverageInfoV5Resp](docs/GetAccountLeverageInfoV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountLeverageInfoV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountLeverageInfoV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountMaxAvailSizeV5Resp](docs/GetAccountMaxAvailSizeV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountMaxAvailSizeV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountMaxAvailSizeV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountMaxLoanV5Resp](docs/GetAccountMaxLoanV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountMaxLoanV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountMaxLoanV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountMaxSizeV5Resp](docs/GetAccountMaxSizeV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountMaxSizeV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountMaxSizeV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountMaxWithdrawalV5Resp](docs/GetAccountMaxWithdrawalV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountMaxWithdrawalV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountMaxWithdrawalV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountMmpConfigV5Resp](docs/GetAccountMmpConfigV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountMmpConfigV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountMmpConfigV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountPositionTiersV5Resp](docs/GetAccountPositionTiersV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountPositionTiersV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountPositionTiersV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountPositionsHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetAccountPositionsHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountPositionsHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountPositionsHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountPositionsV5Resp](docs/GetAccountPositionsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountPositionsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountPositionsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountPositionsV5RespDataInnerCloseOrderAlgoInner](docs/GetAccountPositionsV5RespDataInnerCloseOrderAlgoInner.md)
 - [GetAccountQuickMarginBorrowRepayHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetAccountQuickMarginBorrowRepayHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountQuickMarginBorrowRepayHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountQuickMarginBorrowRepayHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountRiskStateV5Resp](docs/GetAccountRiskStateV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountRiskStateV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountRiskStateV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5Resp](docs/GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5RespDataInnerMgnAft](docs/GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5RespDataInnerMgnAft.md)
 - [GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5RespDataInnerMgnAftDetailsInner](docs/GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5RespDataInnerMgnAftDetailsInner.md)
 - [GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5RespDataInnerMgnBf](docs/GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5RespDataInnerMgnBf.md)
 - [GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5RespDataInnerPosListInner](docs/GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5RespDataInnerPosListInner.md)
 - [GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5RespDataInnerPosTierCheckInner](docs/GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5RespDataInnerPosTierCheckInner.md)
 - [GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5RespDataInnerUnmatchedInfoCheckInner](docs/GetAccountSetAccountSwitchPrecheckV5RespDataInnerUnmatchedInfoCheckInner.md)
 - [GetAccountSpotBorrowRepayHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetAccountSpotBorrowRepayHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountSpotBorrowRepayHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountSpotBorrowRepayHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountSubaccountBalancesV5Resp](docs/GetAccountSubaccountBalancesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountSubaccountBalancesV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountSubaccountBalancesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountSubaccountBalancesV5RespDataInnerDetailsInner](docs/GetAccountSubaccountBalancesV5RespDataInnerDetailsInner.md)
 - [GetAccountSubaccountMaxWithdrawalV5Resp](docs/GetAccountSubaccountMaxWithdrawalV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountSubaccountMaxWithdrawalV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountSubaccountMaxWithdrawalV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountTradeFeeV5Resp](docs/GetAccountTradeFeeV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAccountTradeFeeV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAccountTradeFeeV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAccountTradeFeeV5RespDataInnerFiatInner](docs/GetAccountTradeFeeV5RespDataInnerFiatInner.md)
 - [GetAffiliateInviteeDetailV5Resp](docs/GetAffiliateInviteeDetailV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAffiliateInviteeDetailV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAffiliateInviteeDetailV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetAssetValuationV5Resp](docs/GetAssetAssetValuationV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetAssetValuationV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetAssetValuationV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetAssetValuationV5RespDataInnerDetails](docs/GetAssetAssetValuationV5RespDataInnerDetails.md)
 - [GetAssetBalancesV5Resp](docs/GetAssetBalancesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetBalancesV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetBalancesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetBillsV5Resp](docs/GetAssetBillsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetBillsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetBillsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetConvertCurrenciesV5Resp](docs/GetAssetConvertCurrenciesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetConvertCurrenciesV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetConvertCurrenciesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetConvertCurrencyPairV5Resp](docs/GetAssetConvertCurrencyPairV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetConvertCurrencyPairV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetConvertCurrencyPairV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetConvertHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetAssetConvertHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetConvertHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetConvertHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetCurrenciesV5Resp](docs/GetAssetCurrenciesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetCurrenciesV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetCurrenciesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetDepositAddressV5Resp](docs/GetAssetDepositAddressV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetDepositAddressV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetDepositAddressV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetDepositHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetAssetDepositHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetDepositHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetDepositHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetDepositWithdrawStatusV5Resp](docs/GetAssetDepositWithdrawStatusV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetDepositWithdrawStatusV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetDepositWithdrawStatusV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetExchangeListV5Resp](docs/GetAssetExchangeListV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetExchangeListV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetExchangeListV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetMonthlyStatementV5Resp](docs/GetAssetMonthlyStatementV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetMonthlyStatementV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetMonthlyStatementV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetNonTradableAssetsV5Resp](docs/GetAssetNonTradableAssetsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetNonTradableAssetsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetNonTradableAssetsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetSubaccountBalancesV5Resp](docs/GetAssetSubaccountBalancesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetSubaccountBillsV5Resp](docs/GetAssetSubaccountBillsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetSubaccountBillsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetSubaccountBillsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetSubaccountManagedSubaccountBillsV5Resp](docs/GetAssetSubaccountManagedSubaccountBillsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetSubaccountManagedSubaccountBillsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetSubaccountManagedSubaccountBillsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetTransferStateV5Resp](docs/GetAssetTransferStateV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetTransferStateV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetTransferStateV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetAssetWithdrawalHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetAssetWithdrawalHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetAssetWithdrawalHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetAssetWithdrawalHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingConfigV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingConfigV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingConfigV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingConfigV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingConfigV5RespDataInnerDetailsInner](docs/GetCopytradingConfigV5RespDataInnerDetailsInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingCopySettingsV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingCopySettingsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingCopySettingsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingCopySettingsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingCopySettingsV5RespDataInnerInstIdsInner](docs/GetCopytradingCopySettingsV5RespDataInnerInstIdsInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingCurrentLeadTradersV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingCurrentLeadTradersV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingCurrentLeadTradersV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingCurrentLeadTradersV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingCurrentSubpositionsV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingCurrentSubpositionsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingCurrentSubpositionsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingCurrentSubpositionsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingInstrumentsV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingInstrumentsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingInstrumentsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingInstrumentsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingProfitSharingDetailsV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingProfitSharingDetailsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingProfitSharingDetailsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingProfitSharingDetailsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicConfigV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingPublicConfigV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicConfigV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingPublicConfigV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicCopyTradersV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingPublicCopyTradersV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicCopyTradersV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingPublicCopyTradersV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicCopyTradersV5RespDataInnerCopyTradersInner](docs/GetCopytradingPublicCopyTradersV5RespDataInnerCopyTradersInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicCurrentSubpositionsV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingPublicCurrentSubpositionsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicCurrentSubpositionsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingPublicCurrentSubpositionsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicLeadTradersV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingPublicLeadTradersV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicLeadTradersV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingPublicLeadTradersV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicLeadTradersV5RespDataInnerRanksInner](docs/GetCopytradingPublicLeadTradersV5RespDataInnerRanksInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicLeadTradersV5RespDataInnerRanksInnerPnlRatiosInner](docs/GetCopytradingPublicLeadTradersV5RespDataInnerRanksInnerPnlRatiosInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicPnlV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingPublicPnlV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicPnlV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingPublicPnlV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicPreferenceCurrencyV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingPublicPreferenceCurrencyV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicPreferenceCurrencyV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingPublicPreferenceCurrencyV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicStatsV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingPublicStatsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicStatsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingPublicStatsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicSubpositionsHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingPublicSubpositionsHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicSubpositionsHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingPublicSubpositionsHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicWeeklyPnlV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingPublicWeeklyPnlV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingPublicWeeklyPnlV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingPublicWeeklyPnlV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingSubpositionsHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingSubpositionsHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingSubpositionsHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingSubpositionsHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingTotalProfitSharingV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingTotalProfitSharingV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingTotalProfitSharingV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingTotalProfitSharingV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingTotalUnrealizedProfitSharingV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingTotalUnrealizedProfitSharingV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingTotalUnrealizedProfitSharingV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingTotalUnrealizedProfitSharingV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetCopytradingUnrealizedProfitSharingDetailsV5Resp](docs/GetCopytradingUnrealizedProfitSharingDetailsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetCopytradingUnrealizedProfitSharingDetailsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetCopytradingUnrealizedProfitSharingDetailsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFiatDepositOrderHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetFiatDepositOrderHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFiatDepositOrderHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFiatDepositOrderHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFiatDepositPaymentMethodsV5Resp](docs/GetFiatDepositPaymentMethodsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFiatDepositPaymentMethodsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFiatDepositPaymentMethodsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFiatDepositPaymentMethodsV5RespDataInnerAccountsInner](docs/GetFiatDepositPaymentMethodsV5RespDataInnerAccountsInner.md)
 - [GetFiatDepositPaymentMethodsV5RespDataInnerLimits](docs/GetFiatDepositPaymentMethodsV5RespDataInnerLimits.md)
 - [GetFiatDepositV5Resp](docs/GetFiatDepositV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFiatDepositV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFiatDepositV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFiatWithdrawalOrderHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetFiatWithdrawalOrderHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFiatWithdrawalOrderHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFiatWithdrawalOrderHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFiatWithdrawalPaymentMethodsV5Resp](docs/GetFiatWithdrawalPaymentMethodsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFiatWithdrawalPaymentMethodsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFiatWithdrawalPaymentMethodsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFiatWithdrawalV5Resp](docs/GetFiatWithdrawalV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFiatWithdrawalV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFiatWithdrawalV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceFlexibleLoanBorrowCurrenciesV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceFlexibleLoanBorrowCurrenciesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceFlexibleLoanBorrowCurrenciesV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceFlexibleLoanBorrowCurrenciesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceFlexibleLoanCollateralAssetsV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceFlexibleLoanCollateralAssetsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceFlexibleLoanCollateralAssetsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceFlexibleLoanCollateralAssetsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceFlexibleLoanCollateralAssetsV5RespDataInnerAssetsInner](docs/GetFinanceFlexibleLoanCollateralAssetsV5RespDataInnerAssetsInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceFlexibleLoanInterestAccruedV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceFlexibleLoanInterestAccruedV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceFlexibleLoanInterestAccruedV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceFlexibleLoanInterestAccruedV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceFlexibleLoanLoanHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceFlexibleLoanLoanHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceFlexibleLoanLoanHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceFlexibleLoanLoanHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceFlexibleLoanLoanInfoV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceFlexibleLoanLoanInfoV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceFlexibleLoanLoanInfoV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceFlexibleLoanLoanInfoV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceFlexibleLoanLoanInfoV5RespDataInnerCollateralDataInner](docs/GetFinanceFlexibleLoanLoanInfoV5RespDataInnerCollateralDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceFlexibleLoanLoanInfoV5RespDataInnerLoanDataInner](docs/GetFinanceFlexibleLoanLoanInfoV5RespDataInnerLoanDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceFlexibleLoanLoanInfoV5RespDataInnerRiskWarningData](docs/GetFinanceFlexibleLoanLoanInfoV5RespDataInnerRiskWarningData.md)
 - [GetFinanceFlexibleLoanMaxCollateralRedeemAmountV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceFlexibleLoanMaxCollateralRedeemAmountV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceFlexibleLoanMaxCollateralRedeemAmountV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceFlexibleLoanMaxCollateralRedeemAmountV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceSavingsBalanceV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceSavingsBalanceV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceSavingsBalanceV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceSavingsBalanceV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceSavingsLendingHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceSavingsLendingHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceSavingsLendingHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceSavingsLendingHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceSavingsLendingRateHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceSavingsLendingRateHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceSavingsLendingRateHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceSavingsLendingRateHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceSavingsLendingRateSummaryV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceSavingsLendingRateSummaryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceSavingsLendingRateSummaryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceSavingsLendingRateSummaryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiEthApyHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiEthApyHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiEthApyHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiEthApyHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiEthBalanceV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiEthBalanceV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiEthBalanceV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiEthBalanceV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiEthProductInfoV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiEthProductInfoV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiEthProductInfoV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiEthProductInfoV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiEthPurchaseRedeemHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiEthPurchaseRedeemHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiEthPurchaseRedeemHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiEthPurchaseRedeemHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiOffersV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiOffersV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiOffersV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiOffersV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiOffersV5RespDataInnerEarningDataInner](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiOffersV5RespDataInnerEarningDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiOffersV5RespDataInnerInvestDataInner](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiOffersV5RespDataInnerInvestDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersActiveV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersActiveV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersActiveV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersActiveV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersActiveV5RespDataInnerEarningDataInner](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersActiveV5RespDataInnerEarningDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersActiveV5RespDataInnerFastRedemptionDataInner](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersActiveV5RespDataInnerFastRedemptionDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersActiveV5RespDataInnerInvestDataInner](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersActiveV5RespDataInnerInvestDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersHistoryV5RespDataInnerEarningDataInner](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiOrdersHistoryV5RespDataInnerEarningDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiSolApyHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiSolApyHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiSolBalanceV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiSolBalanceV5Resp.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiSolBalanceV5RespDataInner](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiSolBalanceV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetFinanceStakingDefiSolPurchaseRedeemHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetFinanceStakingDefiSolPurchaseRedeemHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketBlockTickerV5Resp](docs/GetMarketBlockTickerV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketBlockTickerV5RespDataInner](docs/GetMarketBlockTickerV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetMarketBlockTickersV5Resp](docs/GetMarketBlockTickersV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketBooksFullV5Resp](docs/GetMarketBooksFullV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketBooksFullV5RespDataInner](docs/GetMarketBooksFullV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetMarketBooksV5Resp](docs/GetMarketBooksV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketCallAuctionDetailsV5Resp](docs/GetMarketCallAuctionDetailsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketCallAuctionDetailsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetMarketCallAuctionDetailsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetMarketCandlesV5Resp](docs/GetMarketCandlesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketExchangeRateV5Resp](docs/GetMarketExchangeRateV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketExchangeRateV5RespDataInner](docs/GetMarketExchangeRateV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetMarketHistoryIndexCandlesV5Resp](docs/GetMarketHistoryIndexCandlesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketHistoryMarkPriceCandlesV5Resp](docs/GetMarketHistoryMarkPriceCandlesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketHistoryTradesV5Resp](docs/GetMarketHistoryTradesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketHistoryTradesV5RespDataInner](docs/GetMarketHistoryTradesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetMarketIndexCandlesV5Resp](docs/GetMarketIndexCandlesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketIndexComponentsV5Resp](docs/GetMarketIndexComponentsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketIndexComponentsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetMarketIndexComponentsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetMarketIndexComponentsV5RespDataInnerComponentsInner](docs/GetMarketIndexComponentsV5RespDataInnerComponentsInner.md)
 - [GetMarketIndexTickersV5Resp](docs/GetMarketIndexTickersV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketIndexTickersV5RespDataInner](docs/GetMarketIndexTickersV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetMarketMarkPriceCandlesV5Resp](docs/GetMarketMarkPriceCandlesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketOptionInstrumentFamilyTradesV5Resp](docs/GetMarketOptionInstrumentFamilyTradesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketOptionInstrumentFamilyTradesV5RespDataInner](docs/GetMarketOptionInstrumentFamilyTradesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetMarketOptionInstrumentFamilyTradesV5RespDataInnerTradeInfoInner](docs/GetMarketOptionInstrumentFamilyTradesV5RespDataInnerTradeInfoInner.md)
 - [GetMarketPlatform24VolumeV5Resp](docs/GetMarketPlatform24VolumeV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketPlatform24VolumeV5RespDataInner](docs/GetMarketPlatform24VolumeV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetMarketSprdCandlesV5Resp](docs/GetMarketSprdCandlesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketSprdHistoryCandlesV5Resp](docs/GetMarketSprdHistoryCandlesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketSprdTickerV5Resp](docs/GetMarketSprdTickerV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketSprdTickerV5RespDataInner](docs/GetMarketSprdTickerV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetMarketTickerV5Resp](docs/GetMarketTickerV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketTickerV5RespDataInner](docs/GetMarketTickerV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetMarketTickersV5Resp](docs/GetMarketTickersV5Resp.md)
 - [GetMarketTickersV5RespDataInner](docs/GetMarketTickersV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetMarketTradesV5Resp](docs/GetMarketTradesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicBlockTradesV5Resp](docs/GetPublicBlockTradesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicBlockTradesV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicBlockTradesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicConvertContractCoinV5Resp](docs/GetPublicConvertContractCoinV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicConvertContractCoinV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicConvertContractCoinV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicDeliveryExerciseHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetPublicDeliveryExerciseHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicDeliveryExerciseHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicDeliveryExerciseHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicDeliveryExerciseHistoryV5RespDataInnerDetailsInner](docs/GetPublicDeliveryExerciseHistoryV5RespDataInnerDetailsInner.md)
 - [GetPublicDiscountRateInterestFreeQuotaV5Resp](docs/GetPublicDiscountRateInterestFreeQuotaV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicDiscountRateInterestFreeQuotaV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicDiscountRateInterestFreeQuotaV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicDiscountRateInterestFreeQuotaV5RespDataInnerDetailsInner](docs/GetPublicDiscountRateInterestFreeQuotaV5RespDataInnerDetailsInner.md)
 - [GetPublicEconomicCalendarV5Resp](docs/GetPublicEconomicCalendarV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicEconomicCalendarV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicEconomicCalendarV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicEstimatedPriceV5Resp](docs/GetPublicEstimatedPriceV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicEstimatedPriceV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicEstimatedPriceV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicEstimatedSettlementInfoV5Resp](docs/GetPublicEstimatedSettlementInfoV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicEstimatedSettlementInfoV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicEstimatedSettlementInfoV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicFundingRateHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetPublicFundingRateHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicFundingRateHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicFundingRateHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicFundingRateV5Resp](docs/GetPublicFundingRateV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicFundingRateV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicFundingRateV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicInstrumentTickBandsV5Resp](docs/GetPublicInstrumentTickBandsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicInstrumentTickBandsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicInstrumentTickBandsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicInstrumentTickBandsV5RespDataInnerTickBandInner](docs/GetPublicInstrumentTickBandsV5RespDataInnerTickBandInner.md)
 - [GetPublicInstrumentsV5Resp](docs/GetPublicInstrumentsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicInstrumentsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicInstrumentsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicInsuranceFundV5Resp](docs/GetPublicInsuranceFundV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicInsuranceFundV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicInsuranceFundV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicInsuranceFundV5RespDataInnerDetailsInner](docs/GetPublicInsuranceFundV5RespDataInnerDetailsInner.md)
 - [GetPublicInterestRateLoanQuotaV5Resp](docs/GetPublicInterestRateLoanQuotaV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicInterestRateLoanQuotaV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicInterestRateLoanQuotaV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicInterestRateLoanQuotaV5RespDataInnerBasicInner](docs/GetPublicInterestRateLoanQuotaV5RespDataInnerBasicInner.md)
 - [GetPublicInterestRateLoanQuotaV5RespDataInnerRegularInner](docs/GetPublicInterestRateLoanQuotaV5RespDataInnerRegularInner.md)
 - [GetPublicInterestRateLoanQuotaV5RespDataInnerVipInner](docs/GetPublicInterestRateLoanQuotaV5RespDataInnerVipInner.md)
 - [GetPublicMarkPriceV5Resp](docs/GetPublicMarkPriceV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicMarkPriceV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicMarkPriceV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicOpenInterestV5Resp](docs/GetPublicOpenInterestV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicOpenInterestV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicOpenInterestV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicOptSummaryV5Resp](docs/GetPublicOptSummaryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicOptSummaryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicOptSummaryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicOptionTradesV5Resp](docs/GetPublicOptionTradesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicOptionTradesV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicOptionTradesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicPositionTiersV5Resp](docs/GetPublicPositionTiersV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicPositionTiersV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicPositionTiersV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicPremiumHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetPublicPremiumHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicPremiumHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicPremiumHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicPriceLimitV5Resp](docs/GetPublicPriceLimitV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicPriceLimitV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicPriceLimitV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicSettlementHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetPublicSettlementHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicSettlementHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicSettlementHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicSettlementHistoryV5RespDataInnerDetailsInner](docs/GetPublicSettlementHistoryV5RespDataInnerDetailsInner.md)
 - [GetPublicTimeV5Resp](docs/GetPublicTimeV5Resp.md)
 - [GetPublicTimeV5RespDataInner](docs/GetPublicTimeV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetPublicUnderlyingV5Resp](docs/GetPublicUnderlyingV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRfqCounterpartiesV5Resp](docs/GetRfqCounterpartiesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRfqCounterpartiesV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRfqCounterpartiesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetRfqMakerInstrumentSettingsV5Resp](docs/GetRfqMakerInstrumentSettingsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRfqMakerInstrumentSettingsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRfqMakerInstrumentSettingsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetRfqMmpConfigV5Resp](docs/GetRfqMmpConfigV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRfqMmpConfigV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRfqMmpConfigV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetRfqPublicTradesV5Resp](docs/GetRfqPublicTradesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRfqPublicTradesV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRfqPublicTradesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetRfqPublicTradesV5RespDataInnerLegsInner](docs/GetRfqPublicTradesV5RespDataInnerLegsInner.md)
 - [GetRfqQuotesV5Resp](docs/GetRfqQuotesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRfqQuotesV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRfqQuotesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetRfqQuotesV5RespDataInnerLegsInner](docs/GetRfqQuotesV5RespDataInnerLegsInner.md)
 - [GetRfqRfqsV5Resp](docs/GetRfqRfqsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRfqRfqsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRfqRfqsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetRfqRfqsV5RespDataInnerLegsInner](docs/GetRfqRfqsV5RespDataInnerLegsInner.md)
 - [GetRfqTradesV5Resp](docs/GetRfqTradesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRfqTradesV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRfqTradesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetRfqTradesV5RespDataInnerLegsInner](docs/GetRfqTradesV5RespDataInnerLegsInner.md)
 - [GetRubikStatContractsLongShortAccountRatioContractTopTraderV5Resp](docs/GetRubikStatContractsLongShortAccountRatioContractTopTraderV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRubikStatContractsLongShortAccountRatioContractV5Resp](docs/GetRubikStatContractsLongShortAccountRatioContractV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRubikStatContractsLongShortAccountRatioV5Resp](docs/GetRubikStatContractsLongShortAccountRatioV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRubikStatContractsLongShortAccountRatioV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRubikStatContractsLongShortAccountRatioV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetRubikStatContractsLongShortPositionRatioContractTopTraderV5Resp](docs/GetRubikStatContractsLongShortPositionRatioContractTopTraderV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRubikStatContractsOpenInterestHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetRubikStatContractsOpenInterestHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRubikStatContractsOpenInterestVolumeV5Resp](docs/GetRubikStatContractsOpenInterestVolumeV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRubikStatContractsOpenInterestVolumeV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRubikStatContractsOpenInterestVolumeV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetRubikStatMarginLoanRatioV5Resp](docs/GetRubikStatMarginLoanRatioV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRubikStatMarginLoanRatioV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRubikStatMarginLoanRatioV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeExpiryV5Resp](docs/GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeExpiryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeExpiryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeExpiryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeRatioV5Resp](docs/GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeRatioV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeRatioV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeRatioV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeStrikeV5Resp](docs/GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeStrikeV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeStrikeV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeStrikeV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeV5Resp](docs/GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRubikStatOptionOpenInterestVolumeV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetRubikStatOptionTakerBlockVolumeV5Resp](docs/GetRubikStatOptionTakerBlockVolumeV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRubikStatOptionTakerBlockVolumeV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRubikStatOptionTakerBlockVolumeV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetRubikStatTakerVolumeContractV5Resp](docs/GetRubikStatTakerVolumeContractV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRubikStatTakerVolumeV5Resp](docs/GetRubikStatTakerVolumeV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRubikStatTakerVolumeV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRubikStatTakerVolumeV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetRubikStatTradingDataSupportCoinV5Resp](docs/GetRubikStatTradingDataSupportCoinV5Resp.md)
 - [GetRubikStatTradingDataSupportCoinV5RespDataInner](docs/GetRubikStatTradingDataSupportCoinV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetSprdBooksV5Resp](docs/GetSprdBooksV5Resp.md)
 - [GetSprdOrderV5Resp](docs/GetSprdOrderV5Resp.md)
 - [GetSprdOrdersHistoryArchiveV5Resp](docs/GetSprdOrdersHistoryArchiveV5Resp.md)
 - [GetSprdOrdersHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetSprdOrdersHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetSprdOrdersPendingV5Resp](docs/GetSprdOrdersPendingV5Resp.md)
 - [GetSprdPublicTradesV5Resp](docs/GetSprdPublicTradesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetSprdPublicTradesV5RespDataInner](docs/GetSprdPublicTradesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetSprdSpreadsV5Resp](docs/GetSprdSpreadsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetSprdSpreadsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetSprdSpreadsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetSprdSpreadsV5RespDataInnerLegsInner](docs/GetSprdSpreadsV5RespDataInnerLegsInner.md)
 - [GetSprdTradesV5Resp](docs/GetSprdTradesV5Resp.md)
 - [GetSprdTradesV5RespDataInner](docs/GetSprdTradesV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetSprdTradesV5RespDataInnerLegsInner](docs/GetSprdTradesV5RespDataInnerLegsInner.md)
 - [GetTradeAccountRateLimitV5Resp](docs/GetTradeAccountRateLimitV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradeAccountRateLimitV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradeAccountRateLimitV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeEasyConvertCurrencyListV5Resp](docs/GetTradeEasyConvertCurrencyListV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradeEasyConvertCurrencyListV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradeEasyConvertCurrencyListV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeEasyConvertCurrencyListV5RespDataInnerFromDataInner](docs/GetTradeEasyConvertCurrencyListV5RespDataInnerFromDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeEasyConvertHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetTradeEasyConvertHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradeEasyConvertHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradeEasyConvertHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeFillsHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetTradeFillsHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradeFillsHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradeFillsHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeFillsV5Resp](docs/GetTradeFillsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradeFillsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradeFillsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOneClickRepayCurrencyListV2V5Resp](docs/GetTradeOneClickRepayCurrencyListV2V5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradeOneClickRepayCurrencyListV2V5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradeOneClickRepayCurrencyListV2V5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOneClickRepayCurrencyListV2V5RespDataInnerDebtDataInner](docs/GetTradeOneClickRepayCurrencyListV2V5RespDataInnerDebtDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOneClickRepayCurrencyListV2V5RespDataInnerRepayDataInner](docs/GetTradeOneClickRepayCurrencyListV2V5RespDataInnerRepayDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOneClickRepayCurrencyListV5Resp](docs/GetTradeOneClickRepayCurrencyListV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradeOneClickRepayCurrencyListV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradeOneClickRepayCurrencyListV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOneClickRepayCurrencyListV5RespDataInnerDebtDataInner](docs/GetTradeOneClickRepayCurrencyListV5RespDataInnerDebtDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOneClickRepayHistoryV2V5Resp](docs/GetTradeOneClickRepayHistoryV2V5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradeOneClickRepayHistoryV2V5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradeOneClickRepayHistoryV2V5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOneClickRepayHistoryV2V5RespDataInnerOrdIdInfoInner](docs/GetTradeOneClickRepayHistoryV2V5RespDataInnerOrdIdInfoInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOneClickRepayHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetTradeOneClickRepayHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradeOneClickRepayHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradeOneClickRepayHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOrderAlgoV5Resp](docs/GetTradeOrderAlgoV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradeOrderAlgoV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradeOrderAlgoV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOrderAlgoV5RespDataInnerAttachAlgoOrdsInner](docs/GetTradeOrderAlgoV5RespDataInnerAttachAlgoOrdsInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOrderAlgoV5RespDataInnerLinkedOrd](docs/GetTradeOrderAlgoV5RespDataInnerLinkedOrd.md)
 - [GetTradeOrderV5Resp](docs/GetTradeOrderV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradeOrderV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradeOrderV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOrderV5RespDataInnerAttachAlgoOrdsInner](docs/GetTradeOrderV5RespDataInnerAttachAlgoOrdsInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOrderV5RespDataInnerLinkedAlgoOrd](docs/GetTradeOrderV5RespDataInnerLinkedAlgoOrd.md)
 - [GetTradeOrdersAlgoHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetTradeOrdersAlgoHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradeOrdersAlgoHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradeOrdersAlgoHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOrdersAlgoPendingV5Resp](docs/GetTradeOrdersAlgoPendingV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradeOrdersAlgoPendingV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradeOrdersAlgoPendingV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOrdersHistoryArchiveV5Resp](docs/GetTradeOrdersHistoryArchiveV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradeOrdersHistoryArchiveV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradeOrdersHistoryArchiveV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOrdersHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetTradeOrdersHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradeOrdersHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradeOrdersHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradeOrdersPendingV5Resp](docs/GetTradeOrdersPendingV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradeOrdersPendingV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradeOrdersPendingV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotGridAiParamV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotGridAiParamV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotGridAiParamV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotGridAiParamV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotGridGridQuantityV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotGridGridQuantityV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotGridGridQuantityV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotGridGridQuantityV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoDetailsV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoDetailsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoDetailsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoDetailsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoDetailsV5RespDataInnerRebateTransInner](docs/GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoDetailsV5RespDataInnerRebateTransInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoDetailsV5RespDataInnerTriggerParamsInner](docs/GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoDetailsV5RespDataInnerTriggerParamsInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoPendingV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoPendingV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoPendingV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotGridOrdersAlgoPendingV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotGridPositionsV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotGridPositionsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotGridPositionsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotGridPositionsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotGridSubOrdersV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotGridSubOrdersV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotGridSubOrdersV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotGridSubOrdersV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotPublicRsiBackTestingV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotPublicRsiBackTestingV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotPublicRsiBackTestingV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotPublicRsiBackTestingV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoDetailsV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoDetailsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoDetailsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoDetailsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoDetailsV5RespDataInnerRecurringListInner](docs/GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoDetailsV5RespDataInnerRecurringListInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoPendingV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoPendingV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoPendingV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotRecurringOrdersAlgoPendingV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotRecurringSubOrdersV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotRecurringSubOrdersV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotRecurringSubOrdersV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotRecurringSubOrdersV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalEventHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotSignalEventHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalEventHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotSignalEventHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalEventHistoryV5RespDataInnerTriggeredOrdDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotSignalEventHistoryV5RespDataInnerTriggeredOrdDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoDetailsV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoDetailsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoDetailsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoDetailsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoDetailsV5RespDataInnerEntrySettingParam](docs/GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoDetailsV5RespDataInnerEntrySettingParam.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoDetailsV5RespDataInnerExitSettingParam](docs/GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoDetailsV5RespDataInnerExitSettingParam.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoPendingV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoPendingV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoPendingV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotSignalOrdersAlgoPendingV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalPositionsHistoryV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotSignalPositionsHistoryV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalPositionsHistoryV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotSignalPositionsHistoryV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalPositionsV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotSignalPositionsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalPositionsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotSignalPositionsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalSignalsV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotSignalSignalsV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalSignalsV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotSignalSignalsV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalSubOrdersV5Resp](docs/GetTradingBotSignalSubOrdersV5Resp.md)
 - [GetTradingBotSignalSubOrdersV5RespDataInner](docs/GetTradingBotSignalSubOrdersV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetUsersEntrustSubaccountListV5Resp](docs/GetUsersEntrustSubaccountListV5Resp.md)
 - [GetUsersEntrustSubaccountListV5RespDataInner](docs/GetUsersEntrustSubaccountListV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetUsersPartnerIfRebateV5Resp](docs/GetUsersPartnerIfRebateV5Resp.md)
 - [GetUsersPartnerIfRebateV5RespDataInner](docs/GetUsersPartnerIfRebateV5RespDataInner.md)
 - [GetUsersSubaccountListV5Resp](docs/GetUsersSubaccountListV5Resp.md)
 - [GetUsersSubaccountListV5RespDataInner](docs/GetUsersSubaccountListV5RespDataInner.md)


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



